“Business”
#daily #business

Take notes here:
Gemini 3.0 is inside Orchids. Orchids = Lovable but with backend vibe coding as
well (actually creates the APP, not just the user interface)
https://youtu.be/og7R9C_N3Zg?si=0tv-oYcNjgcFFR0e
Can vibe code crazy interactive website for “auditing your offer” - Ogilvy style,
almost like a choose your own adventure storyboard game
https://www.awwwards.com/sites/de-bijenkorf-magical-forest
You don’t actually sell outcomes. You sell the mechanism. And if the mechanism is
so good, then the prospect sells themselves on the outcome. I’m not selling clarity
on your offer. I’m selling I will audit your sales calls, find the exact language your
customers use, compare it to the messaging you’re currently using, and show you
where the misalignment is. The natural conclusion to that = clarity on your offer.
Have Claude Code build out full workflow for offer audit (existing offer)
Make new Claude account for credits

Make sure to get community -> quiz -> DFY funnel dialled, so as we
start promoing this workshop and blowing up the timeline, I’m
consistently filling that funnel pipeline.
This week = fufilling the offers (proof of concept)
Next week = getting momentum back on Twitter, in the community,
Ogilvy ads, BACK to being NOISY
Week after = relaunch, consistent scale, momentum, feedback
loops
Justify high ticket with 2 customers. If your service is $6k, I charge $12k setup fee
Alen framework: "It only costs you x clients and rest after that you keep 100% of"
SaaS idea = these constant feedback loops of reiteration. Imagine a software that
continually read your call transcripts and compared it against your landing page
copy, ad scripts, VSL, etc
**Imagine this + Hyros Air style apps I was talking about a few months ago. AI

personalization BASED ON your CLOSED CALLS. NEVER have an objection in your
business again
Think of the methodolgy behind Jeremy Hayne’s backend selling systems, and
Jeremy Moser’s content funnel. Imagine it was AUTOMATED
You’d basically have a 24/7 Offer Audit
Also think of closer feedback, and how massive of a gap that is (Shaun’s biggest
hurdle has been Rosie not understanding closer feedback, Birdhouse not getting
closer feedback etc) so not only does it pre handle all objections by keeping front
end copy dialled, but it makes setters and closers way more effective and
increases close rate by CONSTANTLY being aware of common objections
Imagine this syncing up with an internal AI writing tool (similar to Kleo). You can
ask it questions, have it write copy, webinar scripts, pre call assets, etc
Remember Chiron, Dual Response Marketing etc. Still probably tons of angles in
those archives
The 2 offers I hated doing the most were the BRRRR one and the trading algo one.
The 2 offers I liked the most were the Google Ads one and the ecom sourcing one.
Obviously clear pattern is no more B2C, only B2B (mechanistic copy!)
Need to find a better way to make it clear it’s only B2B without saying B2B
(because that just sounds unnattractive and stale)
HT = agency to info (Collin, Kleo, Agent Integrator, Marcos). It’s what I was doing
as a growth operator, but for a fee
It could be super productized - every one honestly ends up the exact same (12
week sprint, system install, etc) plus I only ever have to worry about B2B (Collin
vs. Zach, for example) which is the clear pattern between offers I like and don’t
like
Honestly skip DFY offer audit, go right to low ticket -> high ticket evaluative call
booking (Josh Gavin’s model, watch Alen modules on this)
Use quiz funnel Josh sent me (literally word for word don’t reinvent the wheel, just
change branding to Ogilvy style)
Big thing to figure out = if I am doing the high ticket as an offer LAUNCH, all
of the financially qualified prospects already have an offer and wanted an
audit. Machina and Joe couldn’t afford it. Collin was the only one who was a
perfect lead for the HT launch
“If you’re an agency owner that is looking at these quote unquote coaches or
course sellers and thinking “damn, I chose the wrong business model,” let me tell
you a secret that none of those guys will: there is fundamentally no difference
between you and them except for XYZ”
“If you’re an agency owner, I bet that within 4 weeks, I can get your business to
over 90% margins. In fact, in the next 45 seconds, I will show you exactly how I’d

do it
Let me ask you a question; I know you see these “coaches” or “course sellers”
sitting on here, making videos basically just like this, talking to the exact same
customers you’re after. Maybe they’re in the exact same niche as you
But the difference is, they’re making the same take home monthly profit as you,
working half as much, with 0 team members, with practically 0 overhead
And you know what’s funny? When I talk to these agency owners, they always
dismiss these guys as “scammers” or “grifters”
And there absolutely are a lot of 19 year old Miami wannabe entrepreneurs
pretending to be experts selling courses
But the truth is? There are just as many, if not more, in the agency space
So what about the legit ones? The ones that are consistently doing over 100k/mo,
consistently getting killer results, seemingly from this magic business model?
Here’s the truth:
These coaches are no different than you
They just have a better offer
They’re not pitching “agency services” on sales calls trying to squeeze out $5k/mo
retainers
They are simply selling a solution to YOUR prospects problems”
(Use the pulling a toothache analogy)
Backfill Twitter posts to LI
If everyone’s saying 497 is too cheap, I can either:
a) Increase price
b) Lower fufilment
So, I could remove the call and OTO1 to implementation call
However, if doing HT on backend, I want as many calls on the calendar as possible
(to sell them)
Ask Alen GPT what to do

Put together social media strike plan for Dominion Society of Canada
**The big question to answer is: Why are more right-wing Canadian’s invested in
American politics than Canadian politics?

Andrew from ClickFunnels loved the $3500 VSL offer idea. Let’s just run that as
HT to start. that’s a layup upsell honestly (I can already see that being the primary
open loop, they get the audit and the offer pivot, but I can just TELL they’re
starving for a bit more COPY and marketing chpos from me. I wonder on the calls
if they’ll say agh but HOW do I say it?”
So far, the biggest pattern between all of the WBYO customers (as in, the mistake

they all made) was NOT making the risk:payoff ABUNDANTLY in the customer’s
favour. Leo’s 10:1 value-risk (video is a few notes under this) is actually the best
way I’ve heard this articulated, and so I want to shout him out
Then I can run this to cold traffic. Because it’s LITERALLY NESB. It’s literally the
“newest” angle POSSIBLE. It’d be like Michael Burry running ads saying the market
was collapsing in 2008. The hook is literally “the info bubble is going to pop, and
your business is going to crash”

Gather ALL my resources. ALL notion docs, voice note.
Notes app. Call recording wth Ponti. Podcast with Volody.
Dans video. Sam Oven’s video with Harut.
Write this like an actual thesis paper. Start with the proof
Actually get Rene Girard’s thesis (theres a great YT video
on it, some young guy in a suit)
Has anyone cracked advertorials for b2b info? Maybe some inspo from Agora?
Could be very interesting experiment for WBYO. Quiz funnel -> Advertorial ->
Sales Page
My current TSL is a 6/10 as far as “scientifically a no brainer.” It’s not Kozmin level.
It’s not what Daniel and Leo were talking about. I need it to be truly undeniable, no
copy chops (I needed copy chops to sell 497 but I’m talking for a “master vision”
document like Kozmin’s thesis)
When I write this, I’ll pin it to my X profile, without a CTA. Just a “my thesis on the
market in 2026”
Also probably where I could reentertain the offer of the State Of The Market
document (co-written)
https://youtu.be/khh1k5dKg1I?si=nuLMyj9DiQ_U9u8J
Leo’s “10:1 value-to-risk vs. 5:3” frame is GREAT for WBYO. = no brainer offer. =
actually having the offer make sense
I haven’t even talked about the cold traffic angle, and how with rising ad costs,
rising skepticism etc. your offer NEEDS to be a complete no brainer
He also talks about “guarantees” and “we’ll get you 20 clients or you don’t pay”
not working anymore (same thing I’m saying about case studies not working”
Reach out to Guielrmo re: Whop App Trojan Horse
Pump the living SHIT out of LinkedIn content for WBYO. Fully automate with AIFC,
upload Matt Gray course, go for MAX reach and conversions. Keep Twitter as
authentic brand, use LinkedIn as JUST lead gen

Within 3 days, I have officially made more money from my own offer than I’ve EVER
made from ANYONE on a rev share
Ask Nick Fisher AI about workshop
Community -> quiz funnel (do field guide on this)
Push traffic to community so you lead with value
Can run constant lead magnets (instead of how I did it for Agent integrator where
it’s a new funnel every time, it’s one central hub that keeps getting pushed)
Lead with micro commitment
Segment / ascend into community
Better than quiz funnel (for warm traffic) because you lead with value (like a lead
magnet)
Re: Joe’s DM
VSL disqualifies anyone trying to BUILD an offer and don’t have call recordings etc
Playing to both messages isn’t good enough
Run the quiz funnel on the front end, remove “launch” language from this one, and
build entire new landing page for new / fresh offers
THEN give THEM a market research course (GPT Deep Research) to run
beforehand, that they can upload along with the intake form
You can connect Gumroad to Hypefury to “automate sales” – You can also connect
API key. Luka YT = generating Whop payment links with API. Maybe there’s some
crazy grey hat shit there for low ticket?
For WBYO field guides - just ramble into loom video -> transcribe -> upload to
AIFC
Look into Guillermo’s Automations app for internal upsell
https://x.com/delmo_dev/status/1982924035454578887?s=46
***Franchise/licensing model for it in the future. Where (when ops are dialed / I
have a team) I can plug into existing agnecies and improve their clients' offers
Example – plug into Birdhouse and run audits for all clients. Super easy sales prop
(you will instantly make more money if you’re on rev shares), plus massive value
add for the agency for retention and customer satisfaction (since it’ll be framed as
an outside consultant, it seems like they are doing their clients a huge favour)
Probbaly overlap with affiliate angle (Andrew) with OfferLabs
Post on IG stories when I have funnel ascension dialled
Create Field Guide breaking down my own offer (Live Case Study: How to create a

great offer)
Just Loom video going through the sales letter, making comments on why it works,
copywriting techniques
Justify why you’re selling (Shoutout Julius), mathematical equation logic (Kozmin)
Break into different parts (part 1 overall strategy, part 2 copywriting, part 3
technical setup)
Start clipping (auto) 3-5 min segments from Alchemists Podcast (GREAT branding
to show my personality, prove my competence etc)
Once I have the DFY offer live, back end ascension built out, low ticket built
out and running low spend ads (realistically 1-2 months)…
My entire job is just going through NHB+, 10xing my marketing abilities, and
immediately applying what I learn to the offer. Instant feedback loops
Once I bolt on mass market offers (nomore___)… that’s $100k/mo profit in 12
months. No bullshit. I know that’s true
OLG sunset email you have a balance on your account
I’m getting a lot of people hit me up asking to work. James, and today Machina. I
don’t have capacity to do partnerships, plus I want to move away from that
So, look into SooWei info hybrid model. I need to leverage my info skills for my
OWN OFFER. How can I have a high ticket offer, DFY + coaching, that I can sell at
scale?
How can I get everyone in my DMs to pay $4k+? How would I launch an offer for
myself if I was my own client?
THATS the unlock. That’s the freedom. That’s the business
That’s what I’ve been working for 2 years towards
Then I just run traffic. Imagine cracking cold email for my own info offer??

Run quiz funnel like the one JG sent me for WBYO (instead of just going right to
sales letter, to increase microcommitments and capture email to retarget
abandoned carts - AC email templates)
DFY offer = Order bump style charge (extra $97) if it’s a fresh offer vs. Existing
offer (we need to send survey vs. Reviewing sales calls)
Re: WBYO affiliate (100% front end)
https://x.com/yevrrah/status/1982487601211752692?s=46
(Not what Andrew is interested in, since he’s low volume high quality, but good to
understand if I want to bring it to OfferLab / affiliate network)
(Also would be cracked to take offers, build out LTO (partner with JG?), then
have people promo them for 100% commission through stopgrifting)

Internal webinar once The Offer Desk is big enouhj
Combine free 497 audit for 1 week with Typeform quiz (to land live case studies).
Say I’m demoing for a week. Drop Typeform. Record implementation call (they can
have their identitiy blurred if they want), try to catch the “this was so helpful dude
I appreciate it”
This is MASSIVE https://youtu.be/RKIujF1qt5Y?si=FKV0nvazEYySFqs_
Huge for WBYO. I can be on the forefront of this
THIS is the Kozmin, growth consulting model change
+ Deliverable stacking
This is the best way to re: build an offer based on feedback. In the onboarding
form, they need to send minimum 10 closed call recordings, and 10 qualified but
DNC recordings
Rewatch podcast with Volody towards the end. Re: doing the right thing, the real
thing, walking away from the bubble
Crack referral system for WBYO
Can also do internal affiliate with 100% commission on LTI (that eventually
becomes stopgrifting)
Hormozi self licking ice cream cone
Upsell into HT off the 497 calls. THAT’S why I do the calls. It’s basically a 497
evaluative call model. Can drop the price when ascension is dialed. Then it’s an
offer that can scale. Low ticket, evaluative call is 97 OTO1, book into high ticket.
Boom now it’s cold traffic friendly. Now I’m scaling MY OWN OFFER like I do
partners. It’s so obvious. Treat myself like if I was a growth operating partner
Right now I just make sub accounts on my own account on GHL for partnerships.
What if I’m the onboarding I seamlessly integrated affiliate link. Angle as (I have a
version of GHL preloaded with a bunch of stuff, use this link so it copies over)
For WBYO DFY and high ticket - have a way for them to do market research. Even
maybe make it required before you do the audit. Great position against
competitors (everyone’s gonna sit here on calls and guess, I want to actually find
out what your audience wants), plus makes my job 1000x easier, plus gets them
better results
High ticket offer = exactly what I offer growth operator partners but for a setup fee
instead of just performance. I can outsource funnels and tech. See how SooWei
does it

Agency escape route. Nomirebranddeals but for agencies / service providers.
Same GHL template setup, but LTO teaching service providers how to launch their
own coaching / course. SooWei is a good growth operating example of this. So is
Max Sturdrvant. I think Evan Seech does this. So does Skinner (from OP). Maybe
Client Ascension too?
If I’m being 100% honest I actually haven’t gotten good enough results to teach
anything. I haven’t even made anyone any money. It’s all a facade
However, that’s because I’ve positioned myself as a client service / partner person.
If I made money from my own offers, I 100% could teach
Problem is, if those offers are teaching people, I’m officially a good ol money
twitter grifter
That’s the truth. Don’t have an answer, but I cannot deny that. I am being a fraud
Alen used to talk in NHB about fractional CMO roles his students landed. Maybe
there’s something there. Similar to working for Fisher. Similar to what Josh told me
on phone
See if there’s anything in course I downloaded. It’s basically birdhouse but higher
leverage. Fisher started at consulting. Imagine making $6k a month consistently
and learning and meeting people. Need to put my ego aside for it. But realistically
I’ve still not cracked cashflow have I?
Crack single optin for WBYO
Do free offer teardown inside community (post Typeform in community)
Maybe see how SooWei does the info hybrid for growth operating
Launch my own high ticket cohort? Basically coaching through what I already do
for clients. $4k, 6 weeks, Max Sturtevant style. Templates, guides + coaching.
Offer sprint. By the end of it you’ll be crystal clear on exactly what you’re selling,
how you’re selling it, where your traffic is coming from, and how to scale. Go up
market
From there can pivot to teaching non info people how to rip into
https://youtu.be/-PYB18XrRMM?si=Pmc4R13SDn4l-5rG
“How to build an investment bank” = just up market consulting = Kozmin = what
Isaiah is doing
Can publish a tradfi guy (like Louis) and run play on info. Merger and scale
Auto plug with picture - Ogilvy ads minus the body copy
Internal OTO2?
So they signup for free lead magnet (to join the community), then get redirected to

OTO1 (similar to Funnel Of The Week), then once they join the community the
“Start Here” is actually OTO2 ($497 consult)
Calendarlink.com for adding events to calendars
James Camp = Nano Flips. Did all the research for M&A offer when I was going to
work with Luigi
Can you embed a free whop checkout to somehow “add” people to a community
with a lead magnet
Right now you can have them signup through whop, then Zap them to Kit. But
what if you could technically do the opposite? One “whop opt in” on a GHL landing
page, adds them to the email list, and then signs them up for the free community
and redirects into it I
The reverse of Machinas
Stopgrifting.com = my own affiliate network (database of good offers) = LEAD
GEN TO OFFERS IN MY PORTFOLIO
Josh’s new “bitcoin of publishing” model
Drop Whop checkout course + GPT through my own Whop
(Webuildyouroffer.com’s Whop). Instead of dropping through my email list, I can
keep email list still as lifestyle (IG for example), and just have the Whop act as a
“business focused list”
Josh is doing this, also a lot of those Machina Vas “new Whop guys” are doing that
as well
Create custom Whop app (like the existing whop checkout app) for this
Start building free course (and dropping game) around the $497 WeBuildYourOffer
I’m going to drop eventually!
This becomes the new home base for everything. Kozmin style letter,
eventual publishing, etc
Then create courses (free catalog model) for different funnel stuff I’m using
(FunnelOfTheWeek newsletter signup LTO redirect, Whop “catalog model,”
Whop Quiz Funnel (this will blow up on the TL if I can create the first Whop
quiz funnel as they’re crushing right now), one click upsell GPT (teach the
Trojan Horse model)
https://whop.com/machines-lab/welcome-to-the-machines-lab/?
funnelId=product_adc54bed-81f0-47be-944e-2857536975f2
This is also great training ground for my “Trojan Horse” whop app method
This is exactly how my “VSL” should be https://x.com/JoshDaleure/status/
1900577908458156132

Publish Gakuyen (similar to CineGrams)
Pedro and I = Ben and Sanjay
Did it again with marco. Just make that the offer. I should be the go to guy.
Literally everyone in the space should have paid me $500 to look over their shit
and just reframe their offer. It’s worth 100x more than what I’m charging. Almost
like how everyone has worked with the content agency bros
Eventually I’ll just consult for equity (basically model for Contact, I just get % of
the sales of their info I spun up for them)
Make a Youtube video when Birdhouse funnel is fully setup (dupe it and redact
names). Show checkout integration, seemless onboarding (redirect to sales page
from newsletter signup), “cohort model” locked course from Playbook setup
Whop App trojan horse:
Create static image generator (like all of those “Native ads” cracked feet pictures)
Embed in any sort of media buying / affiliate / ecom community
It automatically creates viral content. After a member uses the app, the Whop
platform allows the app to create a forum post showing their creation ('Before vs
After
') and tagging the user who made it. This instantly increases community
activity and engagement."
Have a “paid tier” that unlocks “technical specifications” (unlimited uses, no
watermarks etc) that brings them into a funnel with OTOs (winning static ad
templates, guides, swipes, etc) -> ascend to either YOUR community (where you
can do more ascension) or a mid ticket DWY/DFY
Then you split the revenue with the creator for the premium tier (not really telling
them you just plan on ascending everyone off the SaaS into info)
OR included with the Premium Tier are FREE BONUSES (templates) that you
need to join YOUR COMMUNITY TO ACCESS
So again: Static Ads GPT (free tier = capped gens, maybe lower models, or
credit based) -> Premium tier (more credits, better image gen models) PLUS
a FREE BONUS (30 WINNING static ad templates that you can plug and play,
plus a step by step guide for how you can just upload your product/brand plus
the templates and spit out winning ads), in order to claim free bonus you
need to join Whop community (then either OTO1 VSL page while you get
“added to the community” or just straight to community and ascend
internally (catalog model where the course is locked and redirects to sales
page) plus welcome message that upsells + emails (can eventually have
setters call all leads)
Then just hammer organic faceless twitter pages like all these guys have been (+
TikTok, go greyhat)
***PEDRO HAS HIS STATIC ADS GPT

^^ Can do this for Birdhouse - create Whop app for viral tweets -> ascend into X
MBA (or have it limited, then for unlimited they need premium, premium
subscription page has 30 day content calendar OB -> ascend to X MBA)
Then just join this new “Whop App Craze”
Nomoregrifting = Whop affiliate (huge swing on the timeline)
I think the best INFO offer for ME (to post on X) would be info-ing non info
businesses (teaching what I did for Kleo, Agent Integrator, etc)
Whop App = InfoGPT (turns their entire business into an infoproduct) (go down
Whop App rabbit hole Val etc)
New application of SPIO sales letter = the ?Michael guy who does the SaaS
buildouts for companies (We DMd about Nick Koz, I said I loved his branding)
https://youtu.be/juke0xNrEK4?si=zmwZGlcqFWEjUFat
^ No more clicking buttons. SELL YOUR SHIT. Start a BUSINESS
**Nick Kozmin sales letter – JUST WRITE IT and get an UNDERSTANDING of how
to SELL your thing
+ David Hunter course on SELLING
Split funnel: $497 offer audit, book call for full buildout
Leverage IO, Social Alchemy, KillCrew, Damian - just post funnel screenshots
Quinn Fulmer funnel layout
Traffic. Sales. Product. That gets you out of literally anything. If I feel lost it’s
because I’m not doing this
And if other people are getting in the way of that, I need to do it for myself
Sell something, drive traffic to it, make it better
***Find the biggest problem between everyone you’ve worked with, and
productize a solution for it
fixyourfunnel.com or yourfunnelsucks.com
https://infoscalers.io/
“Your Offer Sucks”
Launch offer for bringing non info people to info (basically what I was going to do
for Kleo, or technically for Agent Integrator)
Ascend to catch & release model (no rev share, big setup fee + 30 days
consulting)
“Are you an agency owner that sees people just like you running coaching offers,
communities or courses and know they’re making 2x the money as you with 90%+

margins and literally 1/10th the effort? They’re making your ARR, but you have 12
employees and they have 0”
Affiliate to Whop from quikfunnels/ nomorebranddeals “now how do you accept
payments? Well we made a deal with Whop just for this”
Pay someone to build mum ecom store for knitting
Software without a process is meaningless. CLickFunnels without the perfect
webinar. GoHighLevel without the agency model. They will just churn. You need to
attatch a process. The FEO sells a process, the upsells is utility to do the process
faster (templates, swipes etc. or SOFTWARE)
Josh Gavin (on Ryan Clogg) = EtsyFlipping = offer I was building (pre built stores)
AI info consumption software. Voice note to Nick. There’s those 2 guys I follow
(have DMd) that build SaaS for people. Guy who I blew up (sent me the good cold
DM) and the guy I said I really liked his branding to
Make full videos on copy chops. Ex. Alens idea of congruency (if you say how to in
an ad, the copy on the page needs to start educational. If not, huge drop off.
Hence “discover” or “see how”)
He said that when he's promoting big offers, there are so many other affiliates
promoting through SEO blog spam that it burries any negative reviews etc. If you
Google the offer, the first 10 results will all be "positive" since they're promoting
the same offer
If you're running up an offer on paid (or organic) and want to rank high on Google
(people search you up), instead of hiring SEO guy to crank out Reddit threads etc,
why not just bring on affiliates to promote through listicles?
Literally just upload 50 of the top performing ads in your niche into AFC.
Everybody pushing scale just plugs copy into templates
#1 ClickBank offer guy – Info is easy to sell when there’s a software component,
because it does a lot of the work for them, so the info is framed very DFY.
“Education” doesn’t sell anymomre
Maybe angle Machina Whop apps this way? Josh’s biggest offer has the
“education” as a BONUS – If you don’t have time to watch the videos that’s okay
the AI tools (GPT wrappers) do it for you
EPs AI “learning” mechanism
Hire ops consultant from Fiverr/Upwork to SOP offer launches

DFY offer website layout: https://godly.website/website/roasted-1018
Hero = before and after slider/GIF of bad offer -> good offer. Make super common
offer (AI or short form content agency etc), make obvious fully done for you (ex.
KingKong marketing)
Make it meta - example of good offer = you reading this right now
Charge clients for setup fee for tech startup
Re: Jeremy Moser tweet. Jace England scam. Influx of 100+ “affiliate” pages
ripping “static ads” this week. “Faceless info offers”
It’s all bullshit. I’m going to release a free course on EVERYTHING I know about
scaling info offers and will teach you how to scale somebody’s offer as an affiliate.
The goal is that if it’s valuable enough, it will clear out guys just trying to make
$10-20k/mo from “info” by selling fundamentally grifter courses (if you charge
someone to teach them something that you are not an expert in, you’re scamming.
So why not just charge them for someone else who is an expert to teach them?)
It’s going to be the gun buyback program of info. I will reward you to stop selling
useless info by giving you the tools to sell useful info
If you are one of these faceless pages selling an AI cloned version of somebody’s
offer, or selling your own offer you had ChatGPT come up with, or PLR, or you’re in
these circles of people selling eachothers faceless offer, you will be able to pivot
towards selling legitimate info that get real results
I will personally vet offers to affiliate to
Use my GHL affiliate code
Have a GHL snapshot with pre build pipelines, automations, and funnels (** MAKE
SURE I’m not stealing anything)
I will make it clear I am getting affiliate commissions. I will also make it clear that if
any strategy I am sharing I learned from someone else, I will give them direct
credit, and if they wish for it to be removed it will be. I will ensure it comes from
resources they provided for free as to not canabalize any offer they are selling
Buying investment bank? Basically just lead gen? Isaiah play?
https://youtu.be/WuRbTc3NVMo?si=-ncgSeZIrEDOonhB
https://mediabuyer.com/
Low ticket ascension with setters calling every single buyer
Nobody does life insurance pay per call with inbound model. The calls literally
come to you. We start agents at 100% commission. Adam started with 60k
working 5 hours a day. most people have to rip calls all day. The model is so much
more efficient than anything else. Adam knows BOTH buying and selling, so he can
negotiate with affiliates for way better rates. We can also run side by side and train
people on the selling side as well

Need to financially model out. But low ticket -> high ticket -> they buy leads Adam
gets %. I only take 30% of high ticket sales, he keeps everything he makes from
the leads
Steal the exact structure from SalesDons (for training agents) and CloserCartel
Form fills = I can sell that lead to an agent, and I can sell TONS of different stuff to
a final expense client. Medicare, earn, medications, flowers. Remonetization = $$
$. Affiliates that own their own data and control their own data. That’s what josh
snow did, they exxited their PPC ageny for 70m after 3 yearrs. Look at Dan
Desilva, he runs his own lead gen and runs webinars and runs crazy affilate
Josh:
Here's the FASTEST way I launched an offer when I published the interior designer
(my first offer) #1 - Partnered with someone with a FB group #2 - Went to Etsy and
found a smaller seller with an info product that wasn't getting much traffic yet #3 Offered them $300-$500 to license/resell their product #4 - Made a short form
funnel on CF #5 - Ran a 7-day promo to the FB group #6 - Split the profits with the
group owner #7 - Used the money from the launch to fund ads (we've paid people
more to license products but this is the cheaper way to get started with a LTO)
Build the best AI bizop LTO possible. Abuse Reddit SEO hacks https://x.com/
indexsy/status/1965126923425587621
Just steal from Whops and Skools (Nick Sarev - his offer is PRINTING and there’s
no DFY, no quick win, the OUTCOME is promised VERY well but the argument isn’t
there. Can EASILY make that better and fix framing by making it LTO instead of
Skool). Just make a fucking killer, professional SaaS looking Framer website that
disguises LF sales letter (Fyles) and crush everyone

Ecom websites for AI sidehustled / n8n templates (do super clean professional
website like Luke’s AI Insiders)
OPSEC course (see my Palantir tweet)
https://x.com/orsonwbs/status/1936716667947536496?s=46
PERFECT example of publishing a CREATIVE creator: https://www.instagram.com/
reel/DO9GNAZj81m/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link

Clone funnel on lovable -> export to framer to make legit website -> integrate with
GHL for backend system
https://x.com/fromzerotomill/status/1970487062630486294?s=46
https://x.com/jamesebringer/status/1970258387083366756?s=46

Dive back into stealing that one gals material (you downloaded it)
AI voice testimonials: https://x.com/orsonwbs/status/1951291335736009074?s=46
https://x.com/orsonwbs/status/1947238173228061012?s=46
https://x.com/orsonwbs/status/1940831601358758356?s=46
https://x.com/sonny8s/status/1894333478075842875?s=46
https://docs.google.com/document/d/
10MOM3Fe5JrIh3ny_pkZ4AqRenKAMHNGVNafNp6bYp7Q/mobilebasic
https://x.com/orsonwbs/status/1886267405959143810?s=46
Just productize the whole damn thing. Low ticket, then offer build, then funnel
build, then entire conversion infrastructure build (whitelabel GHL). Make the whole
thing run without active input, without clients. DFY everything knowing I can do it
better. VA it. I don’t need an agency and I don’t need a growth operator. I can
setup and release model the entire thing. Then broker on the backend. I don’t want
to be in slack channels all day managing setters and closers anyways. Look at
Josh’s model. He builds offer, hires out funnel builder, hires media buyer, ops VA,
then scales and chills. If I crack LTO ascension acquisition I just do this at scale. I
don’t need to be sitting in ad accounts or slack channels all day. Just do what I’m
best at (come up with offer idea, market angle and creative direction)
Use Luke Alexander AI tools. Literally systemize the entire process with Claude
Code and AI Flow Chat using all the courses and YouTube videos I have. Turn my
entire knowledge base (notion, notes, videos, courses) into AI workflows and just
fucking do it
Turn Korousch course into flowchat. Josh Gavin perfect offer GPT. Funnel build.
It’s all there!
GHL white label play. QuikFunnels. It’s all one ecosystem that just works together.
All I need to do is actually BUILD it and then SELL it
Run ads to LTO. Automate UGC. Crack JVs and affiliate. It’s all there. It’s always
been all there. Just build it and take OWNERSHIP in your success and DOMINION
in your expertise
Get out of this headspace of always “having to do work” which = shit you don’t
even want to do
Then bolt on to gurus HT backend and basically run front end maximizer play.
Internal affiliate almost. And use their face for ads and VSL
Can mix in Kyri’s offer (just milk more rev out of existing clients vs. trying to be
another lead gen agency)
There’s gotta be ways to arbitrage case studies and claims. Everyone does this
already. Maciek etc. Pierre. What if I partner or even hire a funnel builder, run the
offers offer, and then leverage their case studies? I pay out 10% and get to use
“we have generated” or “our team has generated xyz results”. What if I partner
with these 19 year old growth operators who somehow drive all this crazy rev?
This is why I need to learn paid.
I could partner with organic growth operators, and then run front end maximizer

play for their entire client roster. They supercharge organic with ads, I don’t need
to find clients. Just need to figure out % splits
Nonorecommunities= give me 6 minutes and I’ll show you how to 7x the amount of
money you collect per customer (LTO + bumps A+ ascension = more than $47/mo
Skool. Can pitch manually on Skool to validate). All 3 of those offers can ascend to
webuildyouroffer, and then ascend again to offer publishing (which I can broker).
Build webuildyouroffer.com and launch with my face. Bolt on LTO (easy cheat
sheet you can just redo gustens offer pdf) then OTO1 to main DFY offer. “For the
same price of a decent logo you can 10x your business. Hormozi says a good offer
increases sales by x%”. DFY = notion doc + implementation call (which will actually
just be a discovery call for publishing) “I have a team that specializes in XYZ, if
that’s something you’d be interested in”. ^*** Find Josh’s $1000 consulting call
gdoc for DFY framed angle
Lovable/Orchids -> Framer -> GHL. VEO3 VSL + GPT statics ads (Pedro) +
NanoBanana UGC ads + theme page + OfferLabs affiliate on backend = print. Then
find expert and build out HTO. Korousch full offer system, Josh perfect offer GPT,
Gusten templates + AI funnel on Skool. Just start with $50/day on FB make sure
AOV is over $50. Can start with just fully ripping offers (Orson old doc, plus
Orchids can clone funnels) steal FB ad script (transcribe then re-record with
Nano)
When launching faceless offer, make a UGC theme page. Make it “branded” so it’s
not someone’s name, but use NanoBanana to do this style of UGC content. Think
of that goon guy on IG. Great way to build social clout faceless. Tons of
NanoBanana workflows on X
“POV: you stopped doing shoutouts for random brands and actually started selling
your own products (it took me 15min to make)”
https://x.com/ErnestoSOFTWARE/status/1970200858894762478

AutoDMs for SaaS https://x.com/georgesttock/status/1934289349081772313

Write email launch sequence (for free) for Adil
Have Coen as a setter for Damian?
Tracking system:
Ask Nick and Pedro for advice
Sanjay YT videos = metrics KPIs to track (from Jeremy)
https://x.com/evanseech/status/1969082190588707276

Basically want this Airtable setup? https://youtu.be/Pc8BzpvPASc?
si=TdWpd2q3IyXgKkxt
Pedro: Typeform <> Supabase (can use Airtable?) <> GHL
Need attribution data (Hyros? Can use Anytrack?)
Fiverr = hiring for setup
Looks like AnyTrack <> G4A is the best option (easiest option)
Ridiculous money in Roblox and Fortnite. Now Minecraft (1000 person civilization
vid). Kai Cenat and Speed streams. NotLuc on Twitter. Devin was doing email
marketing for a Fortnite creator (DestinyJesus) and printed. Snapchat stories (Alex
Choi, Cam Casey etc). Tons of opportunity for a publishing deal here. Need to tap
into the GenZ brain rot market. Musa, CrayoAI etc.
https://www.youtube.com/@sawyervertz/videos
This guy is working with Poppy AI to bolt on info
$997 1 time offer buildout. Intake form, then I offer Google Doc + 1hr phone call.
What I’ve done for Kleo, Nick Trimmer, Create a Community, etc
I bought webuildyouroffer.com
Re: all notes down below on Nick Kozmin sales letter etc
Hormozi model = basically the productized version of what I’d offer as a publisher’
Use Josh’s angle of “creators just want to CREATE, they didn’t sign up for being
sales managers or media buyers”
**There’s overlap here with nomorebranddeals + QuikFunnels
OR this is just a low ticket version of what I’d offer as a service. Sell an offer map
(which would be the first step in any project I’d do anyways), then upsell to
funnels/emails/backend, then upsell to driving traffic
“Growth operator foot in the door” approach but actually mechanized in the
business model
I handle offer creation, then upsell I just broker to Rez/funnel builder, then bring on
a media buyer/creatives guy to drive traffic, place a VA operator and scale
The offer creation step can be fully AI with Poppy/FlowChat (think Josh Gavin
perfect offer GPT)
Swipe angles from Hormozi’s 100M offers
Specialized framing like Kyri https://www.backendprofits.io/home
Can also tailor to non-info native guys (Think: what I’m doing for Damian, Rob etc)
except for going after existing coaches – THIS can scale heavy into M&A, boring
business, lawyers, etc
Plus, since everything’s launch + scale based, they always get massive cash
injection upfront (massive for retention)
SPRINT TOWARDS CASE STUDY FROM DAMIAN AND ROB, PUSH REFERRALS.
You know this is what you’re missing
Luke Alexandar / Vibe Marketer pro website vibebuild for THE ALCHEMISTS

OPSEC offer
https://x.com/IAmAlenSultanic/status/1965900264638132484
https://x.com/lamxnt/status/1963976539181048314
https://x.com/lamxnt/status/1963986272222867873
https://x.com/lamxnt/status/1963988245638795357

Knitting offer for mom. Swipe Josh interior design offer. Sell patterns, pre built
stores, Etsy optimization
See Pontivflex when in Vancouver
Airbnb co-listing for Mum - only in summer
Pay per call x publishing? Find high payout PPC offers, then bolt on a low ticket
ascension to it, so you both make money PLUS ascend to an affiliate play
Russell’s Offer Lab = what Korousch was teaching (build faceless front end ->
affilaite ascend to backend)
Can easily ascend to high ticket from QuikFunnels
If Kleo works out, taking the position of bolting on info to SaaS could be a VERY
unique angle in the market. Think of Kyri and him carving out a section of the
market that’s underserved in his scope. Russel framing for big software companies
(pay $1 to add $20 to your valuation). Take equity so you literally boost their equity
then get a piece of the exit. Isaiah angle where all these guys are rich but still want
cashflow. Josh is low ticket, Riley is attaching info to software/agency/M&A
(Isaiah)
** AND THIS = DUAL RESPONSE MARKETING, AKA CHIRON
Run LTO as affiliate, give affiliates 100% of the comission on the front end (huge
incentive) then a % of the backend. If you can really dial in your numbers and
convince them they’ll get MORE MONEY promoting yours than their own product,
you win. Big promo every 90 days, then INTEGRATE your product into theirs. Be
the charger and case that sells alongside the iPhone
Russell gave 100% commisions to promote his education – he knew a) if he can
teach people how to make more money with his software, they’ll stick a lot more
(how many people have used CF for years?) and b) every $1 he makes (ascending
from info -> SaaS) is $20 of VALUATION. He was literally paying affiliates to add
valuation to his company (and got offerd $1B)
A lot of bizop people know that only 10% of their list will buy – they WANT to

promote your product to their non buyer list segment
“I’m not just asking you to promote me (make sure you give them their stats, make
sure they know your students are taken care of)” but the little distinction “if it
makes you more comfortable, we can do a test promo to your NON BUYERS list,
and you and your team have done EVERYTHING you can to get them to buy, and
they haven’t bought, which means you’re not able to serve them, AND you haven’t
been able to recoup your cost that you’ve spent to acquire and retarget them”
You can’t say “I guarantee I’ll make you $20k in 90 days or your money back” (Non
compliant), but you CAN say “If we DON’T make you $20k in 90 days I’ll give you
your money back”
https://x.com/GT3TV/status/1957925101560836467

Use OPM to buy into already revenue generating businesses, optimize + scale +
build cashflow engine, use cashflow to pay off loans, bolt on other companies, sell
in a rollup
Agent Integrator -> Julius “catalyst” hook from Ryan Clogg vid
SaaS GTM agency + VEO3 (Beecher) style launch videos. Think Cluely, Waves etc.

Video responses QT to replies -> Similar to how you can on IG/TT
Offer idea: video editing for growth. You THINK it’s saturated, bute Nate actually
isn’t that amazing, there’s an AI angle in there, teaching people how to optimize
they’re YT vids -> ascend to DFY
If I can crack LTO -> Agency ascension for Birdhouse, I could do it for Rob (and
others)
Just get their average order size / LTV + their current CAC if you can, then mess
around on the financial modeling tool There MIGHT be a way that you could
TECHNICALLY pitch agencies on acquiring customers for net zero CAC which
would be insane

Had my first ever purely inbound lead today. Massive door that unlocked in my
brain. Never going back
Run affiliate to any email list about CREATORS. Especially creators wanting to
monetize. I’m sure there’s tons of this
You could go super low awareness to just content/branding focused “creative”
types (who are used to brand deals etc) and say “we can build out your coaching
from scratch so YOU can monetize”, or higher awareness more what Nick Roger’s
does (list of people who do want to monetize then offer to do it for them for a %)
QuikFunnels,
Duration is selling point
If I told you I’d pull your tooth out in 60 seconds vs 4 weeks
If I could fix your marriage in 6 weeks vs. 12 months
Get way more money up front (cash conversion cycle), people are cancelling on 12
months

My method I will coin = solving for resonance
Kozmin style outbound + recruiting outbound on 12% performance + DFW -> DFY
to have infinite scalability on process. Growth consulting with info bolted on to
make economics work. Then instead of framing as “consulting” (DWY) frame as
installing sales and acquisition system (DFY)
You don’t need case studies if you can MODEL THE RESULTS. Kozmin
dynamic SL = modeling tool = SHOW that you can get granular IN YOUR
OUTBOUND PROSPECTING
https://youtu.be/-HHRMvEop30?si=rLp3xieAmu6rTqPh

Once Social Alchemy finally launches, BOOM – theres my case study. It’s MINE I
don’t need to worry about pitching or gathering testimonials, it’s REAL PROOF that
I DID and I can FINALLY start putting results behind my name.
From there, offer publishing is a walk. “I did $x, here’s the full funnel, do you want
me to do the same for you?”
If I put 5k into Facebook and made 15k from it… it will be the first time I have REAL
PROOF IN MY HANDS that my actions lead to MONEY. THAT’S what I’m missing.
Launch typeform free funnel audit. Pick one. Offer to redo their funnel for free. Say
I just want to document the process LIVE on YouTube, I won’t drop any sensitive
information and I CAN redact the name if required

This solves the “no hard proof” problem that has been keeping me stuck for 3
years
Use Nick Kozmin’s full outbound process (cold email with demo calls using
modelling tools) to SHOW JOSH GAVINS MODELING TOOL!
Example of Kozmin if your sales letter goes viral your acquisition cost is 0 = Hyros.
It was built with heavy paid traffic yes, but most people I know use it just because
they know it’s what everyone who makes money uses
I’ve been blasting about AI and Hyros AIR and personalization etc. AND Kozmin’s
method for scaling software companies from scratch. Luke Alexander teaching
how to build these SaaS companies. Michael (twitter DMs) building SaaS for
clients. Maybe start to build something?
Finity said to build Resonance.ai in house at Birdhouse. Could tie it all in.
Justin Lalonde (YT)
Greg - Leveraged Startup. Start with agency, automate, roll into AI https://x.com/
startupideaspod/status/1955738313492717934
https://x.com/gregisenberg/status/1955711093289923037
This is what Luke Alexander teaches too
This is literally what all the GHL whitelabellers do
Do you see how EVERYTHING you’ve been working on is connected?
LOOK AT THIS, THIS IS IT https://youtu.be/jxUjWO9wb8g

Remember your creator, star. Do you want to be behind the scenes because that’s
what you WANT or because of fear and scarcity (don’t want to put yourself out
there because you’re worried about getting outed? Don’t want to cross wires with
birdhouse?)
Apprentice.io = IOU. And apprentice is just a CONGLOMERATE of publishing
companies! Publish 5 creators in each of the 5 pillars and that forms a university.
Instead of being PE and acquiring, you just own equity and build from scratch.
You’ll do the same as acquisition.com and Agexa. You’ll be able to learn
EVERYTHING from Nick Fishers mastermind.
You get your syllabus for the semester. Nick Holtz teaches health, Volody
relationships etc. You learn a skill as an APPRENTICE (mutliple business offers,
you pick your path), Connor et al. teaches you how to build a brand.
Paid apprenticeship - you pay your tuition, then get PAID to learn the skill
(businessess teaching benefit from getting cheap labour)
Everything is just a LTO -> BAC funnel. We build a low ticket offer for Sales Dons,
keep front end and run traffic, take 50% of backend. Just like universities do paid
internships with companies. We teach the skills you NEED TO KNOW (social skills)
before crushing sales. So Social Alchemy JVs to Sales Dons

Instead of doing free offer stack for agencies, just do free funnel audit
Partner with journalists for publishing deals? Same with partnering with Starter
Story etc
Write a dynamic sales letter on my ENTIRE thesis of the future of online
informational commerce. AI, network effects alen everything moves to paid traffic.
Write free flowing schizo thesis first, then have ChatGPT fact check for sensibility
and if everything adds up. LTO ascension and buying customers, showing
facebook who your buyer is, mimetics, all talking points in 0-1m video (be good
enough where people are already asking you the world will TELL YOU when it’s
time to launch a product), publishing model = coaches can’t market, experts only
ever focus on one thing, if you want to TEACH something you can’t focus on
SELLING it because it’ll take away from the TEACHING (make a good cause for
argument on HOW selling directly takes away from how well you can teach, idk
think of something)
Combine things from Griff (cause for argument and symbolism) Alen Josh Nick
Julius etc. Make THE GREATEST sales letter info marketing has ever seen. Make it
so good Nick Fisher needs to use it. Use his modeling go through his videos and
Looms and swipe some graphs
Go through Notion info offer main doc for those angles (people who got convinced
they need to “build a brand” and now they don’t know how to market it
Use sunburn offshorebanking sales letter structure
Build on notion so you can add buttons, graphics, good font etc
DON’T CTA. Do Kozmin’s strategy, just build buzz and authority until people are
DMing you how to get help. Remember if you go viral your cost to acquire a
customer goes to zero
Get mercenary setter closer. Join offer, run database reactivation in CRM, put that
money into ad spend launching a LTO cold, start booking and closing calls
Kozmin - Zero Knowledge consulting. In a market expanding rapidly, you don’t
have time to know everything since the knowledge base changes so quickly. You
need to create value without knowing everything. You just need to know more than
your competitors. You actually don’t need to know anything, you’re developing
your insights / training your algorithm as you go
JUST IN TIME KNOWLEDGE = MOMENTUM
Run ads to a Kozmin style sales letter ON GOOGLE DOCS. If I crack metrics this
would GO VIRAL on Twitter. I can just find a cracked offer and ask them to affiliate
to them. Low ticket to liquidate ad spend, ascend them to ANOTHER GOOGLE
DOC to BAC HT. Swipe Sunburn’s format https://lander.withoffshore.com/

https://youtu.be/-HHRMvEop30?si=lRzf6bwprh5dkFQq
People can see people on the Google Doc
Kozmin - Managing Cash With Content
*For below – Find Nick’s old sales letter template, find AI video studio doing b2b
videos, write direct response script for them for free to test
Nick Kozmin dynamic sales letter PMF x Beecher AI video. MASSIVE OPP RN FOR
ALL THESE NEW LAUNCHES
https://x.com/YaqoobWork/status/1930248700128886805
Would be a killer offer to launch, model after Sharky AI agency
https://x.com/gregisenberg/status/1934248349458157832
https://x.com/thechangj/status/1953573054443139412
https://x.com/tbpn/status/1953206767086911507
MASSIVE tam https://x.com/nowmedia & TBPN
In fact theres massive opportunity to just be a Growth Consultant for all these
people and arbitrage AI video
Msg to Volody re: your favourite teacher in highschool/college ASKED and
UNDERSTOOD how his students liked to be taught, and applied the curriculum to
that style. Same for info, especially in this day and age of low consumption /
activation (Nick term)
https://x.com/lamxnt/status/1955280993621094506
AI personalization. This is MASSIVE to crack. Kozmin, Becker with Hyros Air, Josh
with quiz funnels etc. Big SaaS play but also just big to crack for offers
resonance.ai – Loom sent to finity

The reason for my 3 year sticking point = learning skills in MMO and not wanting to
sell coaching to coaches or teaching people trading. I’m having to relearn for clean
bizops, plus you need real skills for anything outside of MMO treating
https://youtu.be/X4Csj7ZLZVA?si=IGQBkrWxhfHO6tKY
Masterclass in writing cold ad copy. Make sure to watch before writing anything for
SA or QuikFunnels
Offer to take people off of Skool recurring onto Whop high ticket or low ticket
ascension (DFY funnel build + affiliate for onboarding to whop)
Can run as side offer to QuikFunnels
Can also expand to agencies, home service biz etc (publish niche coaches on the

backend and run QuikFunnels as massive front end affiliate play)
https://youtu.be/Os1515FQ9jo?si=y_XDAyUjLDKx2neU

Brother it’s just more volume. If you sent 10x more emails and tried 10x more even
$500 projects you’d get to where you want to go 10x quicker
I started with faceless funnels from Krush as a way for me to step into running my
own offers and getting out of freelancer hell that was my kind of original plan and
then I realize that faceless offers don’t really work because they’re really difficult
to sell and that’s when I moved to Josh‘s program and now I’m realizing that I can
have the best of both worlds where I can launch Offers that I think would crush
with faceless funnels and then install a creator into them with offer publishing
Instead of giving away products for QuikFunnels swipe GPT from that guy on IG to
“extract” the product from them
Last 10 min of this pod = Nick looking for growth strategists to work on his offers
with budget and infrastructure: https://youtu.be/Mv7TYOXEAB0?
si=xySPN8fPsWEz_LHR

I don’t know anything about this SPinner. The tradeoff is do you want to go all in, if
it blows up it blows up. Or, if I was able to do work with spinner SEPERATE from
Birdhouse, without touching any of the birdhouse clients, so I can actually spend
the time to VERIFY him, whether we work well, or whether he’s just the first guy. I
never know whos watching. I’d be stepping on marcos’ toes if I can’t deliver, and
I’m currently trusting someone I don’t know with MY reputation. Don’t just jump on
the thing, he gave me a soft know don’t give him the opportunity to give me a hard
no. At my age reputation is SUPER important not to tarnishl.
Medspa publishing offer
Permanent jewelry offer
Lash tech offer
Take Shelby Sapp girlboss masterminds angle. Super low barrier to entry post
graduate students looking to start a business. Can take a lot of info from Thomas
Gonnett. Business in a box they don’t want to have to setup a website etc they just
want to post tiktoks
Swipe Josh’s interior design funnel for inspo on design and framing
Social alchemy LP = Gusten dark master course funnel + youtube backdrops
course
Get rid of traffic angle on quikfunnels. Make it less bizop more ecomwebsites

we’re giving you the funnel. Then go heavy on pushing traffic and turning it into
full business on upsells / backend. Catalogue model on backend to cover all needs
Launch QuikFunnels “faceless” to start with Korousch model
DFY IG Funnel build Justin Saunders model. GHL sub account (Thomas Gonnett
angle), becuase GHL replaced ManyChat, and same framing as Josh Gavin we’re
just going for DM CTA setter organic HTO rather than paid traffic LTO. Easy Whop
affiliate here too. Can run crazy traffic and can install creator face
ECOMWEBSITES FOR SAAS. Publish one of these fucks from starter story. “If I
could get to 40k/mo from a braindead simple SaaS you can too” arbitrage
opportunity just by you watching this ad you are more knowledgeable than 99% of
the PLANET when it comes to AI (x% tiny percent of the population has used
chatgpt, even smaller has used an actual SaaS)
Ecomwebsites for info. See above. PLR 30 digital products run the exact play with
a super clean funnel and get spokesperson. Either run publishing model and have
spokesperson with high ticket of just use spokesperson on front end and affiliate
to bigger play on backend. Buy leads for break even and build list, then figure out
what to do with them after. Wayback machine ecomwebsites to see if they did it
faceless
The Funnel Factory = Ecomwebsites for info. Find someone who builds funnels
publicly, figure out how ecomwebsites does their fulfilment (I assume templates),
publish (slap their face on it) and then push to their DFY backend that I take 50%
of
Josh’s angle would probably make most sense for this somehow, $97 and stamp
out. Target existing coaches and upsell to publishing, but could also target very
low awareness TOF like “get paid to teach whatever you want” and then just
productize publishing (expert, give them funnel and how-to course, then how to
promote on organic)
If you can JV a LTO launch to a list, you’re basically buying some of their
customers from them for free and adding them to your list
AI For ADHD - take ADHD Entrepreneur angle and use AI to create systems etc
https://www.nextlevelsystems.co/
Just turn all your newsletters into videos. Have Claude shorten it to summaries
and bullet points. Also have Grok go through all your tweets to find topics

https://youtu.be/yW1Y-Imp2H8?si=pYcuUzR-_uLohSXc&utm_source=MTQxZ

Self licking ice cream cone. How can every customer sell 1-2 more customers?
Testimonials and social proof, or naturally posting and sharing
M&A boring business HEAVY on AI angle. Ben Kelly newsletter. Ben Bader and
Mason this is the easiest time in history NOBODY is using these tools
Nick looks for BELIEF SHIFTING as the main indication of a guru working. If he says
“Putting money into a ROTH IRA is a dumbest thing you can do” – We’ve got
something there. WATCH THE VIDEO to see how he basically frames everything as
russell’s shift 3 beleifs
Nick - the one indicator of a successful entrepreneur is delusion, or self beleif. If
you have conviction, the question is WHEN, not if
Non buyers Q&A. Every time someone asks a question that you cover in the
program, say “Thats a great question, we cover this in depth in the program,
here’s the link to book a call” – run weekly, biweekly etc. to abandoned cart,
challenge funnel non buyers. Don’t even run slides
Nick on Ryan – Nick is owning creator led community, consumption, LTV. Iman is
Quantum, Jeremy is high ticket paid call funnels, Cole Gordon on Eight Figure
Boardoom, and now Nick on communities. This is massive for what we’re trying to
do in SA – consumption, community etc. Story based narratives, mimetics, internal
video essays etc
Return to tradition ads for The Alchemists. Also Dark Fantasy Minecraft Video
style. 50s dinner is served, out to work, cigarette ads, long form DR print ads on
Facebook
“Funnel builds” for people = also onboarding them onto Whop and earning lifetime
comission. Can do one time setup fee and get paid referral for life
When I partner with creator, I can work directly with Joseph to setup SplitIt etc.
Can frame it as “I have direct partnership with Whop so you’ll get the best access”
Whop to implement consumption style of AI Frontrunners
Chris Luno DJ course for publishing! Use that guy who teaches YouTube backdrop
as funnel inspo. So many angles to run. Jake Antonio style marketing theme pages
clipping would go crazy. All these UKG guys are blowing up, imagine blowing up
and the caption is “DM me if you want to learn how to DJ directly from me!”
Offer publishing for franchieses – Most UpFlip videos affiliate to franchise
opportunities

Iman – Info funds your own VC/Family office (I think he shares a lot of ways to put
cashflow into assets in Quantum) https://youtu.be/K4okT1EW50w?
si=EqdApWLzlpJFRC0T

Josh’s idea is “DWY is actually just DFY” is great frame for consulting. Especially
Sam ovens model. His LTO calls are super DFY, he literally says he’ll build it the
whole path for you, but it’s just him yapping and putting things into a calculator. I’d
love to just do funnel audits on consulting calls. Can be my own DFY offer with a
simple application funnel tied to my personal brand once I have results with
publishing. Plus I can ascend up publishing company if anyone I audit is right for
partnership. 997 Upsell is Ill give you a full report doc with resources after the call
Huffington post / Entrepreneur earned PR posts with $10/day ad spend to low
grade retargeting. Get ONE earned placement, retarget $5/day to ONLY journalists
(this is how Sam got on F30U30). 10,000 list of journalist. Spend time getting to
know contributor, ask what they want they want to publish, what’s your most
viewed article, then bring them a client that fits their ideal article. Plus, WRITE the
article for them, I fancy myself a good writer so you’ll look good in front of your
boss
PUBLISHING STARTUP STUDIO FOR ELEARNING! https://www.agexa.com/
My dream product I wish I published is Cinegrams. Imagine publishing Peter
McKinnon with something similar? THIS is where my niche autism of knowing all
these people and industries growing up comes into play!
Josh = lowticketoffers.com is actually a LEAD GEN FUNNEL for him to broker deals
to his students. Because as Alen said, all roads lead to lead gen. So many layers,
THIS is the end goal. Build a brand around helping (ICP) fix problem, AND around
helping (students) learn how to help (ICP) fix problem, and sell BOTH SIDES. Think
Whop
? The Funnel Factory = same offer as Josh, but instead of Low Ticket it’s VSL call
funnels, DFY funnel build (however he frames the DFY with his low ticket offer, and
ecom websites etc) ascending to more help and eventually ascending into ME
BROKERING THE DEAL to a fufilment partner
No one’s done an Airbnb in the trendy Instagram no big lights ikea mushroom lamp
style yet
Griff “infinite money glitch” call – BAC funnel for lawyers / RE agents
Nick = what I want to be in the Birdhouse eventually. Need to do the math on how
much BH would benefit from it. But basically I make the offer dialled, redo funnels,

publish LT front end webinars etc Marcos has sales team infra, and he sends me
deals / I send him deals
Publish someone in SBA / BK competitor. High price point and older richer
demographic
Open ended cold email? “Hey name, just making sure you got this. Let me know,
thanks”
Chiron = literally the best business model. Also it already exists if I partner with
Connor. Say we want to launch a clothing brand. Sunday style. Start with info,
hyper scale to 50k/mo, self bootstrap the brand into creative team. Can legit
launch 0-100 full fledged companies in a matter of months
My autism of KNOWING SOMETHING ABOUT EVERYTHING = publishing. Can
publish Cam because of car knowledge, CSGO coaching, music production,
custom PC builds, ANYTHING
Josh on Ryan - DFY doesn’t exist, it’s DWY framed as DFY. They want you to do
the thinking for them. Josh isn’t building the funnels on his consulting calls but he
IS doing the thinking for them. List all the bullets of things you’re going to do FOR
them, but you’re doing it FOR them through calls
And so my DREAM, my North Star, is having a publishing company, will a robust
infastruture in place. My job is basically to be Oprah, I just point at someone and
BOOM they have $100k/month offer. My ONLY JOB is to identify winners.
I see Nick Holtz, I See 6 other gut health offers that are making 6 figures a month,
I go “kid you’re going to be a star!” and plug him into my system and take 35%
Nick whatever from peptides invests in company
Treat the game like private equity. You need to create resonance. When you get
one big client, get in front of all of their network and show them what you did for
him.
Becker thinks the future of marketing is a 1-1 custom interaction everytime
someone visits a site.
“I think in the future every customer on your website or every customer that
comes to your website is going to have a 1-1 interaction i think that's the future of
marketing there's no longer going to be email blast there's no longer going to be
mass templates sent out um we're not going to have reps contacting people with
lack of information and we're and we're not going to have a world where people
come to websites and they just don't have experience that's not custom suited to
them so where I think the future of marketing going is every single visit to a
website is going to be a unique experience where the person is reached out to

based on everything about them every message to them is going to be custom fit
the page is going to be custom fit to them the emails they're going to respond be
custom fit from and the responses and speed of which they're able to
communicate and figure out about the business is going to be instant through AI i
think that's the future of marketing

Whop clippers for Jake Antonio style promo
If we got 100k of funding we could make a 10/10 fitness offer. Nick, Fitz etc. It’s
just arbitrage game. We KNOW how to drive traffic, we KNOW what makes a good
product, we KNOW what is actually good advice and frameworks etc.
Blakes trading community was almost publishing? He paired expert traders with
people who wanted to learn and played the arbitrage game. Just paid traders?
Picture launching The Alchemists like Cluey, like all these GTM startups, but the
landing page is Avo’s app sales letter format, the ads are direct response, the
follow up sequence is giga dialled, “Onboarding experts” (setters) dialing as soon
as you opt in
Matt Gray “open sources” his team to his group. His head of video teaches a video
lesson once a week
https://youtu.be/735Mpvrb84k?si=xtVbW1uf3wgEvk7Blake is getting into Offer Publishing. It is THE business model
You vs. Me hooks:
Nobody cares about you, doesn’t know you etc. Open with THE PERSON in mind
who’s person you’re solving
DON’T say “I’ve been eating this breakfast for 3 years now and it’s really helped
me lose weight, here it is”
DO say “If you’re someone who’s looking to lose weight, there’s a breakfast out
there that will help you lose weight that you wouldn’t get bored of, and it would
help you get the results you want” and then can say at the end “I’ve been eating it
for 3 years”…

Colleges technically have the best recurring revenue model in business. How can
you reverse engineer and apply to info? Pay yearly, need to at least spend 3 more
times after you buy to graduate. Why do people pay that much for a not
guaranteed outcome?
For best offer being real estate: “Ask anyone one the street and they’ll know real
estate makes money. Don’t know how, just know it does. So when the face of the
offer was in prison and went from that to rich in a short time, the barrier for entry
is super low. If he can do it, i can do it.
Offer publishing through birdhouse. Josh Gavin fulfilment partners, I broker deal
THROUGH BIRDHOUSE. Marcos gets 25%, I get 25%, fulfilment gets 10, I do 0
lead gen because it’s all inbound through birdhouse, can use billion views and
millions generated as case study proof, I don’t even do backend work. My only job
is writing front end and architecting backend. They’re getting all the value add of
Josh’s offer, PLUS a crazy dialed organic engine. Pitch Marcos on basically we’re
just replacing maciek outsource, and it’s literally 0 extra work for him or the rest of
the team
*** PLUS Jeremy & Marcos talked on call about how the small deals always
actually pay the most, building them from scratch, get invited to their weddings
etc
Can collab with Connor on huge publishing deal. Sign celebrity or influencer,
broker deal to Josh fuffilment team USING Connor’s branding kit. Give to
birdhouse as client. Insane. You see how THAT becomes the creative studio? It
becomes dual response marketing. Imagine telling clients “you’re getting (xyz
results that we can contribute from fulfilment partner) PLUS 1 BILLION organic
views”. Have Cale prospect and set and close for commission
Offer idea: Toronto food review influencer girlies transitioning to creatorscreator’s
corner. Could just affiliate
OFFER PUBLISHING IS JUST EXTRACTING! Check loom recording. You don’t need
to make good offers, you just need to EXTRACT them. Polls, chatgpt deep
research, questions they ask the most
Offer publishing = network effects Alen talked about. Too many creators trying to
make a few grand. Everyone’s an influencer. That’s why they’re expendable and
YOU own the assets, you can just put someone’s face on it
*** Griff: you don’t need Offer Publishing course. All the info is in inner circle.
YOU KNOW where the info is. Jump right back in to Ben’s channel and the Inner
Circle.

Personal landing page. Auto tweet when email goes live (Dan Koe style summary).
GHL built. Links to work with me, newsletter and birdhouse
Social Alchemy IS my first offer publishing client. I publish Volody but just start
from a fresh audience
Code something to auto feed voice memos into GPT summarized. Combine with
weekly notes - Sunday summary / clarity
First draft trending topics AI outline https://x.com/niconley/status/
1930073358739063117
The ONLY options are NOT a) paid traffic b) organic content. COLD OUTREACH,
cold email, affiliate networks, existing relationships. How many businesses are
there of HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS of aggregated leads of high performers that
have never been hit with an offer like this? Newsletters?
What if you could pre-hire people to bootstap a company? I’d hire a Support/
Mechanic, on a conditional performance. We do 1-off projects (more growth
operator easy client projects) and he gets 50% of the deal. ONCE we hit $16k a
month (and he’s at a fair salary, which is $8k/mo) we PIVOT into the actual
business (publishing company)
How to ACTUALLY lead a team (with outcomes, not tasks) https://youtu.be/
7oSc0AhgBO0?si=W9_dMQ45pIRcmWDJ&t=2319
Josh Gavin model (ryan clogg video) = IO incubator. Publish creators, stack into +
ecom + software, BROKER DEALS etc
Social Alchemy corporate angle. Do networking training for big tech companies. 6
figure contracts. Sync up with big networking conferences, hit 4-5 companies the
2 weeks before. Companies are already spending their budget on sending
employees to events.
Alchemy. That’s the word. That’s the THING. It’s not lifestyle design, that’s too
surface level. It’s Alchemy. It came to me in the air and space museum. Davinci
was an alchemist. He was taking the metaphisical and making it REAL. He was
smelting raw material into gold. That’s what we’re doing. We are literally smelting
the world down into it’s liquid form, moudlign it to precious metals.
Hoffman skoool modules + Harut as lead mags = 5 pillars / IO
Suitcase UGC Ian to Connor

Facebook wants big cost caps. Launch focus framework with 100 creatives. Figure
out full funnel price with target roas of 1, funnel added up minus backend. 10
concepts, 10 variations. Whatever difference in variations make it OBVIOUS, 1a
and 1b is VERY clear that they are not the same. Different font, different headline
in different place, different colour. Facebook needs to know they’re different. Start
with search ads instead of Facebook. Get 100 buyers with search ads, then you
can UPLOAD those to Facebook. NEVER launch on Facebook. GIVE them the
audience FIRST
Can run 5 different targeted ads to the 5 pillars course. Literally 5 offers in one.
Huge fitness peat esoteric holistic course in ITSELF could be 100k/mo. Can assign
coaches to each pillar and run it as THE FIRST IO UNIVERSITY. Attract with one
(say business), sell them on the fact that they can’t have one without the other
(can’t make money if your health isn’t dialed (peat energy angle), your mindset
isn’t right (tej CYIW), your routine isn’t locked (cal Newport, dan koe reset your life
in 7 days) and your relationships are a mess (networking = short cutting you
shouldn’t work hard you should meet the right people)
IOU is just a paid version of the 5 pillars. It’s a catalogue model - sell each of the
pillars as a LTO and then cross sell them to the other pillars.
“None of this matters if you’re alone. Health wealth mindset is useless if you’re
doing all the work yourself. You can get twice the results with half the effort if you
just had a network that supported you. So buy social alchemy =>”
Volody needs to be a public facing coach for social alchemy. Dating scene
background, people need to know he’s a top 1% advice giver and that he’s the one
in the private chats. He also needs a better intro when people join so they know
why he’s the primary advice giver and not Jake
The WHO declared a new WORLDWIDE EPIDEMIC targeting GenZ in a spiritual
warfare they didn’t sign up for. Thankfully, the cure is in their pocket, right now
Swipe these ADHD SaaS AI startup angles for focus framrwoek
There’s no locking in. there’s no monk mode. There’s no being a hermit who
doesn’t leave his room. BE YOU. STOP HOLDING YOURSELF BACK. You can make
better business decisions in 30 min than most people can in a year. MAKE THEM.
Run some fucking ads. Scale. Hire. GO. You ARE the wolf of wall street. YOU ARE
HOLDING YOURSELF BACK. if you woke up tomorrow with ZERO limiting beliefs,
ZERO self sabatoge… how quickly could you make a million dollars? 3 months? GO
Testimonial capture from Social Alchemy

THIS is how I want to tweet:https://x.com/shagbark_hick/status/
1892594419649364132
“Viral posts” is a numerical mathematical equation. It’s an algorithm, theres no
LUCK in what posts go viral, its data that twitter ALLOWS YOU TO BUY with an
API. You can literally ASK TWITTER TO TELL YOU what is going to perform this
week. Why do we sit on calls and GUESS what works?
On Friday, I was finishing up the planning for Focus Framework for the week,
knowing I wouldn’t be working on it over the werkend. I left it off stuck - I knew I
had to create the actual course, but didn’t know how. I didn’t want to make AI slop,
but didn’t want to only sell courses on topics I knew. Came back Monday morning,
within 30 minutes of fucking around on twitter, with AI, uploading Orson tweets to
Claude, I literally stubbed my toe on PLR courses. The EXACT solution I needed.
Completely airdropped, and would NOT have happened if I kept “powering
through” on the weekend. I wouldn’t have altered course to do Orson tweets,
which lead to PLR, which put me WEEKS ahead with FF
Low ticket offer @ 1.1x ROAS + Hormozi’s credit card trick (30 day cash conversion
cycle) = legal money printer?
Turn my newsletter + Twitter system into an offer? How to grow “digital presence”
by openly sharing your thoughts out loud, how to make money WHILE solving
internal issues. Dan Koe audience of one, upsells my personal Claude setup,
newsletter templates
Remember —
Productize as a service. Work with service based businesses to build a client
acquisition funnel with DIY -> DWY -> DFY services. Think of the advice I was
giving Connor on “just sell products and courses, and funnel the top 1% INTO your
actual hands on service delivery” — can frame as lead gen, extra revenue etc.
Every business could benefit from this — think products like Cinegrams
Faceless funnels + why you’re scared to launch your own offers. Easy, run it.
Downloaded Alens AC Rapid Stack. There it is — all the info you could ever need.
Thousands of $ worth of courses, templates, literally holding your hand to launch,
run ads, write copy etc. It’s all there. YOU HAVE ALL THE ANSWERS
Remember — Alen (the GOAT) says NOTHING matters aside from building offers.
The only way to win is building offers. Why be a copywriter or growth operator for
someone selling an offer… if you can just build an offer yourself?
Been echo chambered into b2b. Think of all the kids who just started Ecom /

dropshipping. Stop overcomplicating it. The people you sell b2b to sell b2b - just
go right to the ACTUAL business
Luca Netz — marketing first. Everyone has a great idea and a great product,
doesn’t matter if you’re not driving sales. The hook and the angle is the problem
you’re solving, your product is the solution, then you work backwards from there.
“Once you have the problem and the solution, everything else is ChatGPT-able”
This is why most bizop does dry tests / launches before they’re ready. Huge for
Chiron
Create Claude agent for custom samples for outreach. Train it to just copy+paste
prospects funnel/website into Claude and have it spit out an email/welcome
sequence etc. Can fully automate with a VA if trained properly - find prospect,
qualify, reach out, create sample, send
Build my own offers (Josh Gavin x Koroush x Alen) to launch Chiron off of
Lutz x Max x Riley - Info pivot. Max interested in running FB ads for other service
businesses — what if he TEACHES them, runs LT courses -> DWY coaching -> His
“services” running FB ads = DFY
Remember - I AM the scarce resource. Imposter syndrome will sneak in when I
start getting around the tech guys — they’re so many light years ahead of me. But
they can’t make a kickass story, film it, and make people FEEL like I can. I’m the
creative. You can’t go to school to be me. You can go to school to code
Chiron can be anything. There is no ceiling. It can be pure art, pure technology. It
can be a holding firm, an incubator. It can be anything! And it will be everything,
because I will lay such an unshakable foundation, with an unbeatable team, that I
will have the infrastructure to speed run idea -> execution
My advantage is understanding high profit operations. So, there can be a part of
Chiron that is revenue FOCUSED. It will be pumping out info product and SaaS
focused purely on MRR. This will act as a fund for internal operations -> it will
create a flywheel effect. We will have a fund that WE GROW OURSELVES, we will
fully bootstrap our “pot” which we will then use to invest as VC, lending our
services (DRM) as a service.
Dan NEEDS extremely detailed systems, needs things clearly written out. That’s
why he’s so SOP focused. If there’s 100 different options for things to do and
focus on, he won’t pick one. But if it’s detailed out, and there’s only a few levers to
pull — there you are
Dan Koe did consulting through Kortex in order to raise capital to build to software.
This is also common in the tech world, those ML guys on Twitter. Chiron idea

Chiron- guys like Peter kell and Stefan georgi who get so good at marketing/dr/
affiliate that they start their own brand (supplements, ozempic) because they can
scale hard with ads. Imagine they took those scammy clickbank brands and made
them real brands, something they loved and were proud of
How can I be the Rick Rubin of marketing
Funnel Factory.
Faceless funnels / DFY funnel build (original griffin sell upfront) / offer publishing
Double edged (zack) — you can build the idea of a creative house without clients
pretty down the line. Get the domain, write the offer, make the instagram page —
MAKE IT REAL! As you continue to express this idea outward, you’ll find the people
who want to help. Increase your surface area for luck. DIRECT CREATIVE HOUSE
15 min funnel breakdowns. Moneys everywhere, that’s NOT the problem. How do
you get under the water. Get the studio first — putting yourself in the right
envirnment makes it a LOT lower friction
WE HAVE THE SCARCE RESOURCE. ITS RARER THAN DIAMONDS, LET ALONE
MONEY. Theyre printing money, they’re killing creative people
Serge to Caleb: “I remember bro gave me the most simple, but genius business
advice ever. I was stuck around 2-3 clients and was struggling w staying
consistent w outreach, and just wasnt hitting enough volume. He was like “bro just
hire someone for literally every single thing that annoys you to do.” Basically the
idea was, even if its a slight inconvenience, despite costing a lil to hire out, its
worth it if u know urself and think theres even the tiniest chance doing it manually
will kill ur consistency. Started hiring VAs for every monotonous task and literally
doubled clients in a month, then grew so fast i had to intentionally slow down lol
Exactly what i was saying at the time too. Every youtuber/coach was saying “dont
hire till u scale to a certain level” and he was like nah fuck that, we are business
owners, we dont need to sit down and send fuckin dms to a million ppl all day.
Everything monotonous and low lev like that gradually kills ur mindset/energy and
thats basically the engine that gives u any progress at all”
Realistically just need to hit 5k/mo for a few months to have capital to hire, and
outsource all of the obstacles getting in the way. Ez
Max would RIP as an offer owner… could be an INCREDIBLE first offer to publish
What if I made my own offer idea (have you been lied to / are you in over your
head / coach or creator who was sold how “simple’ it would be to coach and now

you have no idea what to do) and made it faceless, outsourced backend and then
transitioned to agency model on backend when proven?
Between Growth Operating (Tim free course, Pierre, SeeWoo etc.), Faceless
Funnels (Koroush) and Offer Publishing Path (Josh & Mark), I’m REALLY close to
something big. Keep chipping
T1D = the proof of what I’ve known all along — I can just FIGURE IT OUT and
actually LEARN once I’m DOING. I’ve learned more in a week of DOING than I did in
a year of “planning”
Partner / hire sales guy to pedal these funnels (below).
They get 10-50% (haven’t decided) of sale price, I keep % backend. I give them
EVERYTHING they need to sell, decks proposals angles etc. I help them scrape
leads (saaswiz IG finder? Makretplace?) and they outreach and close. They could
make 1-2k per sale, once verified I can outsource building funnels and just run a
factory
CAN ALSO reach out to sales communities and place an offer
Spin up super simple landing page with VSL to send leads to (explaining offer)
ALERT ALERT BEST BREAKTHROUGH OF THE YEAR ⸻
Selling pre revenue funnels fixes BOTH of my biggest problems:
Low on cash, and low on HARD tangible case studies and examples
Korousch Low On Cash FIXES this. No client fufilment, no cold outreach, build and
flip
Build a ROCK SOLID portfolio AND get money
Study prebuilt shopify store offers to mimic
Korousch Low On Cash -> Flip funnels for $5k PLUS 60 day 10% rev share —
frame as “I’ll help you get it off the ground and coach you through, and in return I
get 10% as incentive. The faster I get this off the ground for YOU, the more I get
paid. Win win”
Watch Pierre’s vlogs. That’s what you’re getting beat by, because YOURE too
scared to take action. THOSE GUYS are saying “bet fam” in your dream cars
Go back to John ADHD. What if I could delegate EVERYTHING getting in my way,
for a big chunk of the profit, knowing I am super capable of the other side? What if
I find someone (like Pierre) who is young and starting, but it great at client
acquisition/ outreach and has hard case studies (or doesn’t, and can just hammer
acquisition)?
When Josh drops his offer publishing offer… it’s go time. He’s partnering with Mark
Lack

Andrew Kirby’s “Synthesizer” model is an amazing long term goal to emulate. He’s
an offer publisher with a mission statement of “Helping educational creators get
paid to change the world” — My dream is to have an infastructure setup to where I
can get paid to find good people and help them make a fuck ton of money. I want
to point and choose the guys I KNOW have the “it” factor. This is pretty close to it
Mark Lack — Start a podcast even if you have 0 listeners. Every “guest” will likely
turn into a referral or an opportunity. Speedrun networking
Just find Whop creators that don’t have a high ticket and build them a funnel?
ManyChat the link and say something like “Lmk if that link works”
Bizop the bizop. Run up publishing agency (Josh Gavin model) then run the model
as its OWN offer (make money teaching what you love / what you’re good at /
creators who can’t make any money)
Personal brand is neccesary, people are dying to hear your unique perspective:
https://youtu.be/nJUVZbQPNLs?si=k1n8gDo_UEJdaaR6
Great interview question: what’s one thing you think I’m doing horribly wrong with
the company that you would change if you were in charge? Shows willingness to
confront and have hard convos / give feedback, plus business acumen and
knowledge of industry, plus how much research they’ve done on the company
The reason you “niche down to one person / ICP” is because the ONLY number
that exists is 1. 100,000 is 100,000 1s. If you can solve a problem for one person
(and that person is the average sum of people), theoretically everyone should be
able to get value from it. Just create a transformation for one person. Then make a
process for that transformation. Then tell people about the transformation they will
get in the future if they buy
Publishing = Pierre Cohort method + Josh Gavin launch + Alen “Why you don’t
think you can launch offers” -> AC Fast Start. Find someone who’s great at what
they do and love teaching it, partner 50/50, show them how much money is
possible (cohort method) then build out an evergreen offer that can scale on cold
*Master Filmmaker is a GREATTTT example of this
Try to solve the A+ problem. When you’re at a company, find out — what is the
ACTUAL big problem they’re having, and how can you help solve it. — What is this
for Birdhouse?
While entering this new phase of stability and progress, I should REALLY focus on

improving day over day. The #1 skill I want to be improving is direct response
writing. Dan Koe 30/30 rule, you suggest it to everyone but dont do it yourself.
Kyle Milligan’s WHOLE Youtube, Dimensionalization, Alen, Jon Benson NLP etc.
Market sophistication is going to murder ugly funnels anyways. Will need to pivot
to framer / webflow, going back to “double edged”
Just hit up everyone on whop and offer to do high ticket for them?
There has to be a way to leverage rundown experience with AI. Partnering with
Rowan still a great angle (old idea of marketing for AI companies) but you know AI
will be the big play.
Target SaaS companies with dedicated landing pages to run lead campaigns to /
send to prospects. Seperate from their main website, not SEO optimized / not
being crawled by Google, just a very direct outline of what they sell and hyper
targetting their ICP
https://docs.google.com/document/d/
1ndHer7ZSnJgb_euXFsbZMhVKZYumavIbE00
-_-URodU/edit?usp=sharing
https://docs.google.com/document/d/
1ndHer7ZSnJgb_euXFsbZMhVKZYumavIbE00
Go to where the money is. Don’t work with someone because they “have potential”
— work with an established figure with a good offer and FIX A BOTTLENECK
Stop overthinking being a “growth operator” — GET YOUR FOOT IN THE DOOR.
Offer to fix ONE thing for ONE person, you are skilled enough to identify what’s
wrong and fix it
Use Jake as a HARD case study for “growth operating”
****COHORT METHOD
What to actaully SELL for a creator??
Pierre cohort method (only works if creator has good audience) — Launch a hard
capped HT offer (1-1 access), run IG story -> typeform application, and do PAID
market research with first 10 people to understand what their audience actually
wants. High leverage, make creator money ASAP and THEN sell the rest of the
audience the solution to their main problem, THEN we actually build the course
Get back aligned. Remember: offer ownership is the play. Not slaving for glorified

bosses as a freelancer. Freedom, ownership, and actually getting paid for your
skills, not your effort or time. Get back on the Alen train
Cash back > Discount code. Works better every time
Make a private newsletter for early access to the next retreat — we already had
this fully planned out from Maui
One of the main selling points for any creator = THEIR JORUNEY. When building
out an offer a key focos should be understanding the clients story — what did he
go through, how did he solve the problem, how did he hit that end goal (https://
www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k9bNACUg4I)
Join CopySquad to learn DR
For some reason, I was under the impression that if I were to “launch my own
offer” it would be teaching COPYWRITERS. I have no idea why. The offer is just a
productized version of my service — I’m teaching MY PROSPECTS, coaches and
consultants, how to make more money using the methods ID BE DOING if I was
working 1-1 with them
Everybody, EVERYBODY just swiped OG DR. So we do the same now. Straight
swipe Todd Brown for emails etc.
Everyone trying to growth operate in the same market.
Amazing example of content from a copywriter. He speaks like a VSL. Hooks,
preframing, presupposition https://youtu.be/6NHJfJStVK8?si=UAXYZU2iRKWmsfv
“Growth operating” = DFY, only for high leverage coaches
For smaller coaches, DON’T DQ them — build out a DWY (Hormozi model, just sell
them the playbook to do it themselves)
Pay VAs to scrape IG / YouTube accounts. Give a bonus for every signed client
https://m.youtube.com/watch?
v=taeluGBJXSw&pp=ygUQVmFzIGZvciBvdXRyZWFjaA%3D%3D
https://m.youtube.com/watch?
v=HowzUGtYAhg&pp=ygUQVmFzIGZvciBvdXRyZWFjaA%3D%3D
Griffin: The reason I can’t do cold DMs, the reason for the mental block = It
doesn’t come down to safety. I don’t care about the safety or the comfort of not
failing (what happens if I sign a client and fail?.. nothing) — It’s a STATUS thing
I believe that intelligence and status is linked. In that sense, if I prove to myself by

failing for a client that I’m NOT AS INTELLIGENT, KNOWLEDGABLE, CAPABLE AS I
THINK I AM, that decreases my status in my mind and other people’s mind.
THAT’S where the anxiety comes from
There are 2 solutions: dig down to the root, or BANDAID FIX
I HAVE the knowledge — I have coaches that give me the resources to provide the
service. THEN, figure out WHY it’s important for me to be percieved that way
Alens “Who am I not to be worthy?”
It will take time to go into the mind and be aware of these thoughts
It’s not about not having these limiting thoughts and negative self talk — they
don’t go away.
It’s about BEING AWARE OF THEM and telling them to fuck off
All I need to reaize: I am where I am (broke, stressed, exhausted BECAUSE I have
this block, and the only way that I will be able to prove my status to myself and
others is by going out there and doing it. I have the resources and the capabilities
**THE ONLY WAY to actually have “status” is shooting loom vidoes and showing
people I know what I’m talking about
As much as everyone including myself may hate to admit it, there’s a LOT of AI
tools out there actually worth it. They’re all 80% of the way there (Peter Kells VSL,
Stefan Georgis Ads). These + gpt4o + custom ai agents and 2 VAs might be all you
need
PETER KRELL HOW TO 6 FIGS VIDEO:
imagine how little resistance you would have to cold DM someone if you had
tangible experience doing exactly what you were pitching them on? There was no
room for what’s ifs, you KNEW it would convert and perform because you’ve done
it?
You need to get there. Either by working under someone who does it, or landing a
client and figuring it out
Macieks emails have all the intricacies of technical application for info. No more
missing info as an excuse
Alen Sultanic re: owning your own offer IS the highest leverage play. Over starting
an agency, over doing your own content etc. Remember: wathcing his calls had the
biggest clarity. You took the wealth dynamics test and it was aligned. Stay the
course, don’t get shiny object synrome. Agency -> Freelance (to get enough
money) -> pivot to OWNING OFFERS, NOT to starting an agency (remember,
you’re a creator. You do NOT want 15 mini bosses. You want your own time, own
schedule, own to-dos. YOU need to own it)
If you have an offer that you can apply to anyone’s business, it’s going to
consistently put you in a position that you’re familiar with, help you deliver the
best results, and get you the best case studies

As a beginner learning anything, the WHY is NOT important. Learning the RULES
and the WHAT is.
When you learn something to apply, it’s not important why. What matters is that if
you apply the concepts, they will work.
As an intermediate, you learn how all the rules work and why they are.
As an advanced learner, you learn how to break the rules
In chess, the reason you learn openings as a beginner is so you don’t have a shit
position withing the first 5-10 moves. As an intermediate, you continue to study
openings so you understand the ideas of a position.
Every single thing I need is in my Notion. 2 years of notes. I am NOT missing ANY
info on how to front-to-back launch and scale an offer to 100k/month, just missing
application.
Book idea. See screenshots. Launch it as a full AC style funnel but with a physical
book instead of ebook. Can do a legit book launch like Winston but run upsells
You will be the Noah Ryan of business. Depth of understanding, sharing only what
you’re genuinely passionate about. Using the ADHD type advantage for
udnerstanding creatvie and marketing models: https://player.blubrry.com/?
media_url=https://media.blubrry.com/1471487/content.blubrry.com/1471487/
E_DU_Noah_Ryan_Episode.mp3&modern=1&podcast_link=https://daniels.du.edu/
blog/student-to-content-creater-noah-ryan/&display=nw#
Do a full breakdown on Devin Kearns
Griffins DM call = searching vs chasing. You can’t physically bring yourself to DM
because… (watch call)
You have Devin Noble’s full playbook — NESB / FinPub DR style copywriting (Avo +
Kyle Milligan), Todd Brown Bullet Campaign (literally 90% of what he offers), and
the recording to his sales call. RUN IT
** MAKE A FULL, FINAL, STEP BY STEP EMAIL MARKETING PLAN. THEN, BUILD IT
OUT IN FULL FOR A MOCK CLIENT.
THIS will aleviate the pressure. You don’t feel confident for building out a full
funnel, so start with this. Devin did it without knowing a THING. Build it, pitch it to
creators on Youtube.
This also justifies upfront payment vs retainer. Bullet campaigns = set it and forget
it
What if to start creative direct response company = high quality artistic funnels.
Partner with website designers that traditionally work purely based on design.

Work with them to build visually stunning funnels THAT CONVERT for industries /
clients that would normally never touch direct response. Agencies/ companies pay
10s of thousands of dollars for these websites without even thinking about how
well they perform. This way, we don’t have to compete on price or design. We can
take always good looking websites and replace them with equally as good looking
sites that WAY OUTPERFORM
Imagine going to a business. Say they’re an A&R agency. They’re creative at heart.
But they sell a service. They’re running Facebook ads. They likely have either a
terrible website all together, or a nice looking website that doesn’t care about
performance. You can tell because the site isn’t focused around CTAs. They have a
bhnch of different tabs you can navigate to that don’t have CTAs. Imagine you
redo their website top to bottom. You identify what their biggest revenue
opportunity is (say it’s finding upcoming artists to sign on). You create a website
with conversions in mind. You get a sales team on the backend dialing and taking
calls. Instantly they’re making way more money and it doesn’t seem scammy
(clickfunnels type site). Imagine you then identify opportunities to sell products on
the front end. Guides to landing record deals for clients. Imagine going to a
massive company and saying you can not only increase their conversions like they
didn’t even know was possible, but can slash their digital advertising spend by
80% by liquidating ad costs.
Straight bizop is a red ocean. High pay but everyone’s doing it. There’s a gap in
the market. Creative direction jargon bullshit making millions without an actual
tangible outcome and usually without making any actual money
Jeremy and Maciek are partners
Why am I letting people like Jason disrespect me and push me around when I
LITERALLY know more about his business than he does? Because he’s not scared
to just start it. I need to stop bowing down to people dumber than me. I need to
start my own offers on MY terms. Think of how much stress, sleepless nights, how
much I burn myself out… for other people… to take a FRACTION of the money I
make them. Fuck that. It was a valuable lesson, but one that I learned and need to
move past. Unless I am getting paid generously, month over month, I don’t owe
anyone my life
Alen literally has a 4-part series on “why you don’t think you can be an offer
owner”
Offer idea: become a lash tech
LAUNCH SOCIAL ALCHEMY LIKE A FULL AC FUNNEL OFFER. It is the perfect test
subject to become an offer owner. Apply EVERYTHING from Alen to it

Books for bringing on hires: Rocket Fuel, Traction
AC upsell 1 (rapid launch stack) is step by step how to launch an offer. Its copy
paste to publish
Offers is what FEELS right. The glen williamson SMMA felt wrong. Slaving as a
freelancer felt wrong. Always felt something was missing, it wasn’t big enough, it
was all a lie. Turns out it was all a lie. All these industries and bizops are used to
SERVE THE OFFER OWNERS. The creative ones. The people who aren’t smart or
creative enough to come up with an offer and sell it, are the ones who work
UNDER the offer owners. This is what feels right.
Offer publishing is the NECESSARY step. There are now more copywriters than
offer owners who can afford to pay copywriters. You’re pitching creators to find
CONSUMERS for their PRODUCT, and taking 50% of the profits
When buyers become more sophisticated and things “stop working,” it doesn’t
change the fundementals, it just exposes mistakes and weaknesses in the
business. The thing that was “working before” had a bunch of mistakes, and it’s
not working anymore because you haven’t learned to fix the error
Alen’s “clean bizop” (/ Josh’s “finding creators to publish offers”) = my original
idea to turn content creators into offers. The “I can just network with people, have
a cool studio, and make them rich). It’s all the same… https://www.facebook.com/
groups/nothingheldback/permalink/1425623595504661/
This game is easy. Companies like Facebook, clickfunnels etc. spend BILLIONS
creating the platforms that cost us $99
Don’t Believe Them. How did every succesful person get rich without reading self
help books or going to Tony Robins seminars? They didn’t believe other people.
Believing people is just giving them permission to absolve responsibility. Its a
projection. If you take on everyone’s beliefs, it builds up into a shell you can’t
escape. Don’t believe them.
How to launch offer:
- Join NHB+ for AC template + strategy
- Use Josh’s method of identifying what offers to sell based on new problems from
working solutions
- Find a guru to pay to be face of offer (or partner with guru with audience and use
Josh MVP Lowticket Launch Strategy)
- Use FB ads master class from IC

Discord Growth Loophole:
- This is the exact method Rowan used to grow the newsletter. He had a paid
product (The University) in the welcome series
- LTO - how the send cold DMs that ACTUALLY get responses — OTO/Order Bump
= scripts
Loom videos for agency application: I love what I do. It doesn’t take me any effort
to wake up and get to work. It takes me effort NOT to. I love constantly improving
and am really passionate about my work
Maybe I can’t bring myself to do outreach because it makes no sense pitching
people who are clearly stupider than me begging for work to take a small cut of
their business. The asnwer = launching my own offers
LISTEN UP. This is what we’re going to do:
We’re going to pitch people. I know enough to just look at somebodys business
and identify whats wrong. Anything else is just putting off any risk, such as
researching mroe.
I am going to find Youtubers. They are going to be good at making content with a
terrible offer. Probably a Skool.
I am then going to absolutely son them into why they’re so much stupider than I
am. I’ll offer to fix their whole business for $500-$3000 then move along.
Whether they need a new funnel, new downsell products, new upsell products.
Consult, get paid and leave.
Anything else is complete and utter cope.
Finding success in business is like being handed a Rubix cube and told “solve it”
Alen Sultanic x Josh Gavin interview is the greatest resource to date. It explains
everything I’m missing and give a clear path. Hint: launching your own offer IS the
next step. Josh did it, Griffins doing it. If offer owners are paying freelancers, why
wouldn’t you just become an offer owner?
Need to get better at copywriting first (which will only come from actually doing
work), but it’s the eventual next step
This is the breakthrough phase. This is the part of the biography where the main
character makes breakthroughs. Its coming. The rocket ship growth is coming. I
just need to crack a few more codes.
Take the Wealth Dynamics test
YOUTUBERS = “Finding people to publish offers”
They’re DESPERATE for someone to make them money from an offer because they

have to make so much content in order to get paid
. My income is going down,
so i need to make more videos, and I’m getting tired of running on this treadmill
I now have experience BUILDING a course, implemeneting the delivery (full
onboarding, accountability etc.), and doing A-Z marketing (funnel, nurture etc) for
it. SOP AND DUPLICATE
The money buys happiness networking group = key to get plugged in when I’m
back in Toronto
The goal is to get so good at marketing, direct response copywriting, that I will
always be paid no matter what. It’ll be the catalysyt to get me out of this hole, and
the prerequsitie to any other endeavors
Quinn Fulms latest video = my exact long term goal in business. He works with
Trey, Quinn shoots super creative cinematic videos and Trey builds funnels and
sales process. Ran the playbook for Alex Eubank.
The goal is to have an incubator for creators. We’re going to front run the creator
economy. Something is coming next after every single person sells a course; we’re
in the Information Age and it’s not going anywhere, but it’s going to evolve.
I want to have the greatest compound in Toronto. A MASSIVE loft where I sleep,
eat, and work. I want other desks, podcast studio, creative studio etc. anyone,
ever is welcome. A place that breeds work. I want a team of the most elite young
DR sharks, and the best creative minds, and bring them together to make magic.
Then, I’ll partner with the startup culture in Toronto. We’ll revolutionize the
industry by bringing direct response marketing to the tech world. Builders, VCs.
Like Daniel Dalin is doing
Then, when all is said and done, when I have an infrastructure in place to take
ANYONE and give them the best funnels, sales tactics, creative direction, DTC,
EVERYTHING… the biggest needle mover will be what my absolute #1 skill is:
finding the people who have “it”. We’ll take people with massive potential, put
them in our incubator, and blow them up. We’ll find bymaximize at 5k followers,
daddywellness when he was making Zyn memes.
We’ll have a holding company. Wall Street investors will be able to invest in
creators like they invest in stocks.
I will be the pivotal point in the creator economy. In the information revolution. I will
be the 2008 housing crisis. I will fundamentally change the way people make
money online. And when the new internet comes, whether AI or something we
can’t even comprehend, I’ll cash out before people even know we’re in a new era.
My gift is connections. I can connect with everyone. I can gather resources like no
one else. I always have the answer to people’s questions. People ask me for
recommendations daily, life, business, music, everything. I will make generational
wealth from the gifts only I possess. And in return, I will retire every single person

who ever believed in me.
The path to this is straight forward: I get very good at marketing, especially direct
response. The path I have already set down. It is inevitable if I stick with it, in and
out, and APPLY. Then, I build out a small team, whcih is inevitable, of killers that I
love working with to take on more work capacity. The transition to offering creative
solutions is then seamless; if I can guaruntee results on the marketing side of
things, I can experiement with creative direction at no cost to the client. The worst
case is they still get great results from the marketing. Then, when workload is at
its capacity, it will be time to streamline, innovate, expand, and become more
efficient. Thus, the natural progression into the tech world. We make an AI that
actually works for this, an actually usable copywriting and short-form video agent.
It’s own LLM. The rest just scales. The software we create for our own use get’s
licensed out, and eventually we exit the rights to it. We’ll build things the next
generations needs, while using them to fuel the mission
Tej Dosas CYIW has an insanely good sales letter, and basically has the same
angle as ours: “you need to fix your inner world before you can be successful” vs
“you need to fix your inner world before you can make friends”
Do a hopecore takeover for IO. Post 1 hopecore vid / day
Make 3-5 second reels of 1 video clip and an aesthetic caption - “pov: you made
it”
******* THE ORIGINAL OUTREACH METHOD (Grant’s x Maciek) is LITERALLY the
funnel template Griffin just GAVE US. Go run the play immediately — sell 5 of them
and make $3k
Byble:
- Byble Study — weekly newsletter every Sunday
- Pull designs from the Book
- Give lessons etc (can find YouTube sermons to repurpose)
- Could advertise completely separate from the book. People would just signup
for a super aesthetically pleasing weekly bible study. Look at the Bible apps daily
designs
- Email list = HAMMER your audience when a new book drops
- All the product shots need to be the books TOGETHER, like you genuinely can’t
have one without the other
- Competitors = coffee table book
Nothing under the sun is new. It’s just 2 old things put together.
THIS IS THE BIGGEST BREAKTHROUGH I’VE HAD IN BUSINESS EVER.
This was the missing piece. This is why I can never just “sit down to wrtie” —
THATS NOT HOW COPYWRITING WORKS. If everyone sat down and tried to
completely reinvent the wheel every time they went to write a piece of copy, no

one would get anything done.
A SWIPE file isn’t for studying — it’s for SWIPING. For COPYING the structure.
Griffin swiped Josh Gavin’s sales letter, who HE swiped from Alen Sultanic
Avo swiped Agora’s structure
Make a swipe file, organize it, and EVERY TIME you have a new idea, force it
through one of those “templates”
The idea of social media was to bring people closer together, and if anything it has
just alienated us and created more barriers than any channels in history. IO allows
you to break through those barriers. Dan said he liked the IO retreats WAY MORE
than Hustlers University
From Dan in IC:
Leverage IO as a value prop — here's why 7 figure/ 1000+ person communities
trust me with x responsibilities inside of their biz
++ tell prospects they have the same ‘catalyst’ that allowed you to do x for other
companies
Rapper marketing like this: https://x.com/JrMoneyGetting/status/
1791292710738972858
Kira etc.
THE INNER CIRCLE IS ALL I NEED. AHHHHH. STOP OVERTHINKING IT AND RUN
THE PLAY
I should be taking way more initiative in the inner circle. I paid for it. It’s the best
resource in the world for what I do. Griffin hot seat copy, attending calls
Who says you need to charge retainers? Why not setup fees + 3 month rev share?
Hunt what you kill. Don’t need to worry about retention. Do what you’re best at. If
you build them out a high ticket course ($4k), all they need to do is sell 2 spots
and they’re in the green (if you charge $5k for a funnel buildout etc ). You can do
the math on the call. It’s a no brainer offer
“Let’s layout the math here. I’m going to take half of a VERY CONSERVATIVE
estimate on your FIRST MONTH. You’re still well in the green on month 1, and
EVERYTHING AFTER THAT is pure profit
0-8276 (10k a month Canadian) series
The only chance you stand in this information overload age is having a vehicle
which you can filter through everything. You will get pulled 100 different directions
by gurus selling you their method and you will go nowhere. I speak from
experience. You need the time alone, the clarity, to figure out what you truly want,
and THEN you can start to consume again through the lense of your project

“You think marketers are unethical pushing make money online courses? Wait till
you learn how we sell your mom her skincare”
Make Twitter vid showing the LinkedIn lead gen process. Ask people in different
industries (programming etc) to DM and workshop a method that works
I am bad at dissapearing for months at a time. I can find a way to alieviate this with
more automation. Email list = writing when inspiration hits, but sending out on a
schedule over the course of a month. Lead gen funnels that push to email list etc.
Create a better “personal funnel” (maybe get rid of hoo.be? Push all to personal
list?)
Bens course + Griffins new funnel (organic transactional relationships) = $$$
The thing you’re missing is examples. AKA swipe files. Make email folders of
EXACT examples of what you need (how do you go from free lead mag to paid?
How do you provide value? How do you write Ecom promo emails?) Plus, have a
list of funnels that make sense
Buy max a rehearsal space in Toronto
You have all the copywriting info you need in your Notion. Genuinely. Not
theoretically - you have specific information on everything you need to get started.
You physically can’t learn anymore without DOING
Dan Koe: Comes up with the idea for a newsletter on Sunday, then throughout the
week goes on walks and listens to audio books, podcasts, YouTube videos etc.
THROUGH the lens of the idea for the newsletter. There are ideas in anything that
will stick out and can be used
I should be spending way more time researching AI, and headlines
Get back into the habit of SUMMARIZING. Sunday = reread notes from the week
(Do this with Twitter bookmarks)
There’s a big opportunity with that AI Antihero twitter account. Biggest emerging
space, cool way to stand out. Could hardcore train AI to write all of the threads for
you (Create RSS feed of top AI news, then have ChatGPT write it in “your style.” 30
min of work a day)
If The Rundown doesn’t workout, stack remote jobs. Take a playbook out of
BeautyOfSaaS etc. and apply to your skills. Remember, we’re applying the risk
post-income.

Apply data scraping from crypto to Supertools
https://x.com/lamxnt/status/1723809851845775689?s=46 - Newsletter + video
editor angle. Leans into natural abilities (I have experience writing newsletters, my
natural writing style is more “personal brand” than DR, and I have a lot of interest
and experience in the ICP of digital creators) and mimics a proven formula. Could
start with just the newsletter angle (different approach to regular info product
email marketing)
- Then, how would I apply the 1-person biz model to this? Re: Justin Welsh etc. Is
there any automations? (Think: training an AI to scrape Youtube / IG / TikTok, pull
out the best angles, hooks, offers etc and summarize them. So there’s a constant
flow of angles for email marketing)
- Then, somewhere there’s a crazy way to tie this into the work I did with Dustin.
Case studies of taking creators to $x - can apply to large companies that don’t
have email marketing in place. “Newsletter + Membership Consultant” charge
F500 companies $$$. Take what Pontivflex does for big companies and apply
Hunter - “if any crypto companies want to trade custom marketing videos for
vested tokens, dm me” - could replicate with email (?)
EVERYONE is buying out of emotion or insecurities

Become the info consultant. Not only writing campaigns - setting up backend
automations, restructuring offers etc.
J’s launch will get rid of any anxiety stopping you from doing outreach. Remember
re: Grant templating outreach angles. Once you have LAUNCHED an offer, written
emails etc. you have PROOF that you can do it. Skin in the game
Maciek’s guide has DFY plug and play emails for info product. You could run them
TODAY and print for the client. There’s your “tactical” learning you were looking
for
Been thinking about ways to integrate business into real life (how can what I do
allow me to be invited to cool creative events in Toronto?) Answer - just get really
fucking good. Funnel building etc. Ben Bader skill stack. Once you launch J’s
program, do the Maciek strategy (start doing offer relaunches) think of how well
you could CRUSH for local creatives. Canoopsy wants to launch a HT program, you
launch it and make a shit ton of money. You can be the business minded one in the
creative outlets. THIS IS WHAT CREATIVE INDUSTRIES WAS SUPPOSED TO BE.

Full circle moment. The only thing stopping you is your confidence that you could
actually crush for them
Andre call (can’t find enough leads) - update coming for ecom
Blake Rocha AirBnB: eventually rotate into it. It’s an active business, not a passive
- get Mum to run it? It’s a hospitality business, not a real estate one. https://
youtu.be/HoaKNchCYf8?si=CPtg4YCPnCa9jFsn
Grant method (see tweet re: finding winning video and making lead mag) makes
the most sense. Instead of wasting time on outreach, every “outreach” is actually
honing the skill, adding to the portfolio and serving as mock copy for practice. Two
birds with one stone. Plus, outreach is dead. Better results than cold DM, get over
#1 thing holding me back (fear of not delivering) and stack $$$.
Combine with Nick rgrs thread
Crypto plan (if we start cash flowing):
Chad DCA into $sol and $coin stock. Stake $sol and mess around with new defi
protocols (esp. ones launching points / rewards program). Maybe leap $coin calls.
Keep moon bag to mess around with token of the month, reinvest profits into sol.
Continue till 2025. Ape $base if it goes. Degen $toshi if capital flows to base. Farm
$base?
Steps to kick off bull run:
- Blackrock ETF approval
- Positive regulatory framework (leading into elections)
You’re not doing outreach because there’s a resistance. The resistance comes
from fear. It’s fear that you’ll sign a client and fuck up. You got a response and
waited to reply because of FEAR. So, we need to 1: work on leaning into fear (the
synchronicities have been insane today, Ben’s Tiktok landsharks tweet) and
understanding that the only way to get over it is to run through it (the only way to
get rid of a fear is to do the thing you’re fearful of and realize it wasn’t that bad)
and 2: get the tangible skills and knowledge to boost confidence. Read
cashvertising (it’s all Mason read to get started), watch Kyle Mulligans series, learn
LF8 AIDA and PAS.
Pitch AI automation agency guys
Fire DMs for freelance clients this week. Don’t pussy out, they want your
messages. If nothing sticks, start applying to agencies
Newsletter as a SERVICE?? Think of the Ali Abdaal newsletter you just applied for how many digital creators either don’t have a newsletter at all, or have one that

takes up too much of their time etc? It’s “infoproduct” but not in the traditional
sense.
YOU NEED A DAILY SCHEDULE. One thread for Jake. One overview of IO docs.
One review of notes. Check in with lead gen inbox. No more not knowing what to
do
Rewatch Andrew Kirby free group funnel videos. Help Nick isolate inner circles
offer. We need to do more surveys and interviews
If I pride myself in my ability to read people, to say exactly what they want to hear,
to charm the uncharmable - then why aren’t I an expert salesman? Why aren’t I a
world class marketer? What is the missing link?
Again, KNOWLEDGEX BOYS ARE GIVING YOU THE PLAYBOOK TO RUN. RUN IT!
Every time you think “I should hire a VA for this” is an opportunity you could be
using AI for LFG
https://youtu.be/87hN0RcYA6s this is a great lead magnet
KPIs aren’t important. Leads to calls booked rate is the only thing that matters.
There’s so much nuance in landing clients, if you had way less reply rates but more
calls booked then that’s all that matters